

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000931336-18-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		147
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180226
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DEAN FOODS CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000931336
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				752559681
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-12755
		FILM NUMBER:		18641554
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 N. HASKELL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2143033400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 N. HASKELL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 3400
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75204
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DEAN FOODS CO/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20011221
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUIZA FOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941013












		


Washington
December&#160;31
Dallas
(Address
 including zip code
 and telephone number
area code
Common&#160;Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
June&#160;30
&#160;2017
 based on the closing price for the registrant&#8217;s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June&#160;30
&#160;2017
February&#160;21
91
166
Portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on or about May&#160;9
 2018
 which will be filed within 120 days of the registrant&#8217;s fiscal year end
Developments Since January 1
Corporate Responsibility
 Seasonality
 Intellectual Property
 Research and Development
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 which are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements are predictions based on expectations and projections about future events
 and are not statements of historical fact. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning business strategy
 among other things
 including anticipated trends and developments in and management plans for our business and the markets in which we operate. In some cases
 you can identify these statements by forward-looking words
 such as &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;forecast
&#8221; &#8220;foresee
&#8221; &#8220;likely
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;goal
&#8221; &#8220;target
&#8221; &#8220;might
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; would, can,  &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; and &#8220;continue
&#8221; the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. All forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Form 10-K
 and we undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. These factors include the matters discussed in the section entitled &#8220;Part I &#8212; Item&#160;1A &#8212; Risk Factors&#8221; in this Form 10-K
We are a leading food and beverage company and the largest processor and direct-to-store distributor of fresh fluid milk and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States
 with a vision to be the most admired and trusted provider of wholesome
We manufacture
 market and distribute a wide variety of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products
 including fluid milk
 ice cream
 cultured dairy products
 creamers
 ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers
 distributors
 foodservice outlets
 educational institutions and governmental entities across the United States. Our portfolio includes 
 the country's first and largest fresh
 white milk national brand
 and 
 the leading national flavored milk brand
 along with well-known regional dairy brands such as 
 
 
 
 
 
&#32;milk and cultured products (licensed brand)
 
 
 
 
 
&#32;(licensed brand)
 
&#32;and more. In all
 we have more than 50 national
 regional and local dairy brands
 as well as private labels. With our acquisition of Uncle Matt's Organic
 Inc.
 which was completed on June 22
 2017
 we now sell and distribute organic juice
 probiotic-infused juices
brand. Additionally
brand to retailers. Dean Foods also makes and distributes ice cream
 cultured products
 juices
 teas and bottled water. Due to the perishable nature of our products
 we deliver the majority of our products directly to our customers&#8217; locations in refrigerated trucks or trailers that we own or lease. We believe that we have one of the most extensive refrigerated direct-to-store delivery (DSD) systems in the United States. We sell our products primarily on a local or regional basis through our local and regional sales forces
 and in some instances
Unless stated otherwise
Our principal executive offices are located at 2711 North Haskell Avenue
 Suite 3400
 Dallas
Developments Since January 1
&#32;&#8212; Effective January 1
 2017
 Ralph Scozzafava
 formerly Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
 was promoted to Chief Executive Officer and appointed to the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors. Gregg A. Tanner stepped down as Chief Executive Officer of the Company and resigned from his position as a member of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 effective January 1
Chris Bellairs
 our former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 departed the Company effective September 1
 2017. Kimberly Warmbier
 our former Executive Vice President
 Human Resources
 departed the Company effective December 1
 2017. Jose Motta
 the Company's former Vice President of Total Rewards
 was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Human Resources following Ms. Warmbier's departure. Effective February 27
 2018
&#8212; In the third quarter of 2017
 we commenced the operations of our previously announced 50/50 strategic joint venture with Cooperative Regions of Organic Producer Pools (&#8220;CROPP&#8221;)
brand. The joint venture
 called Organic Valley Fresh
 combines our processing plants and refrigerated DSD system with CROPP's portfolio of recognized brands and products
 marketing expertise
&#8212; On June 22
 2017
 we completed the acquisition of&#160;Uncle Matt's Organic
 Inc. (Uncle Matt's) for an aggregate purchase price of $22.0 million. Uncle Matt's is a leading organic juice company offering a wide range of organic juices
&#8212; On May 4
 2017
 we acquired a non-controlling interest in
 and entered into a distribution agreement with
 Good Karma Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;Good Karma&#8221;)
 the leading producer of flax-based milk and yogurt products.&#160;This investment allows us to diversify our portfolio to include plant-based dairy alternatives and provides Good Karma the ability to more rapidly expand distribution across the U.S.
On January 4
 2017
 we amended the credit agreement (the Credit Agreement) governing our senior secured revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility) to
 among other things
 extend the maturity date of the Credit Facility to January&#160;4
 2022
&#32;&#8212; On January 4
 2017
 we amended the credit agreement governing our receivables securitization facility to
 among other things
 extend the liquidity termination date to January 4
 2020
 reduce the maximum size of the receivables securitization facility to $450 million
 modify certain financial covenants to be consistent with the amended leverage ratio covenant under the Credit Agreement described above
We manufacture
 market and distribute a wide variety of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products
 including fluid milk
 ice cream
 cultured dairy products
 creamers
 ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers
 distributors
 foodservice outlets
Includes fruit juice
 fruit flavored drinks
Includes ice cream
Includes items for resale such as cream
 butter
 cheese
Includes all national
We sell our products under national
 regional and local proprietary or licensed brands. Products not sold under these brands are sold under a variety of private labels. We sell our products primarily on a local or regional basis through our local and regional sales forces
 although some national customer relationships are coordinated by a centralized corporate sales department. Our largest customer is Walmart Inc.
 including its subsidiaries such as Sam&#8217;s Club
December&#160;31
 2017
 the country's first and largest fresh
 white milk national brand
 and 
December&#160;31
 2017
 our national
&#32;manufacturing facilities in 31 states located largely based on customer needs and other market factors
 with distribution capabilities across all 50 states. For more information about our facilities
 see &#8220;Item 2. Properties.&#8221; Due to the perishable nature of our products
The primary raw material used in our products is conventional raw milk (which contains both raw skim milk and butterfat) that we purchase primarily from farmers&#8217; cooperatives
 as well as from independent farmers. The federal government and certain state governments set minimum prices for raw skim milk and butterfat on a monthly basis. Another significant raw material we use is resin
 which is a fossil fuel-based product used to make plastic bottles. The price of resin fluctuates based on changes in crude oil and natural gas prices. Other raw materials and commodities used by us include diesel fuel
 used to operate our extensive DSD system
 and juice concentrates and sweeteners used in our products. We generally increase or decrease the prices of our private label fluid dairy products on a monthly basis in correlation with fluctuations in the costs of raw materials
 packaging supplies and delivery costs. We manage the pricing of our branded fluid milk products on a longer-term basis
 balancing consumer demand with net price realization but
 in some cases
We have several competitors in each of our major product and geographic markets. Competition between dairy processors for shelf-space with retailers is based primarily on price
 service
 quality and the expected or historical sales performance of the product compared to its competitors&#8217; products. In some cases we pay fees to customers for shelf-space. Competition for consumer sales is based on a variety of factors such as price
 taste preference
 quality and brand recognition. Dairy products also compete with many other beverages and nutritional products for consumer sales. Additionally
 we face competitive pressures from vertically integrated retailers
 discount supermarket chains
 dairy cooperatives and other processors
The fluid milk category enjoys a number of attractive attributes. This category&#8217;s size and pervasiveness
 plus the limited shelf life of the product
 make it an important category for retailers and consumers
 as well as a large long-term opportunity for the best positioned dairy processors. However
 the dairy industry is not without some well documented challenges. It is a mature industry that has traditionally been characterized as highly competitive and subject to commodity volatility
 with low profit margins. Additionally
 according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
&#32;For more information on factors that could impact our business
&#32;to our Consolidated Financial Statements for segment
Dean Foods has evolved over the past 20 years through periods of rapid acquisition
 consolidation
 integration and the separation of our operations including the spin-off of The WhiteWave Foods Company (WhiteWave) and sale of Morningstar Foods (Morningstar) in 2013. Today
Our vision is to be the most admired and trusted provider of wholesome
 great-tasting dairy products at every occasion.  Our strategy is to invest and grow our portfolio of brands while strengthening our operations and capabilities to achieve a more profitable core business. Our strategy is anchored by the following five pillars and is underscored by our commitments to safety
 quality and service
Build our existing brands with consumer-led innovation
 marketing
Enhance our profitability by lowering our internal costs
Reset our cost structure through the execution of our enterprise-wide cost productivity plan
 including rescaling our supply chain
Improve processes
Within our business strategies
 corporate responsibility remains an integral part of our efforts. As we work to strengthen our business
 we are committed to do it in a way that is right for our employees
 shareholders
 consumers
 customers
 suppliers and the environment. We intend to realize savings by reducing waste and duplication while we continue to support programs that improve our local communities. We believe that our customers
 consumers and suppliers value our efforts to operate in an ethical
 environmentally sustainable
Our business is affected by seasonal changes in the demand for dairy products. Sales volumes are typically higher in the fourth quarter due to increased dairy consumption during seasonal holidays. Fluid milk volumes tend to decrease in the second and third quarters of the year primarily due to the reduction in dairy consumption associated with our school customers
 partially offset by the increase in ice cream and ice cream mix consumption during the summer months. Because certain of our operating expenses are fixed
We are continually developing new technology and enhancing existing proprietary technology related to our dairy operations. Seven U.S. and eight international patents have been issued to us and five U.S. and two international patent applications are pending. Our U.S. patents are expected to expire at various dates between February 2019 and December 2035.&#160;If the pending U.S. patent applications are granted
 those patents would be expected to expire at various dates between June 2035 and October 2037. Our international patents are expected to expire at various dates between February 2028 and March 2030.&#160;If the pending international patent applications are granted
We primarily rely on a combination of trademarks
 copyrights
 trade secrets
 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our technology and other intellectual property rights. Despite these protections
 it may be possible for unauthorized parties to copy
 obtain or use certain portions of our proprietary technology or trademarks. 
 
 
 respectively. Our R&amp;D activities primarily consist of generating and testing new product concepts
December&#160;31
 2017
 we had approximately 16
As a manufacturer and distributor of food products
 we are subject to a number of food-related regulations
 including the Federal Food
 Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;). This comprehensive regulatory framework governs the manufacture (including composition and ingredients)
 labeling
specifies the standards of identity for certain foods
&#32;We are also subject to the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011
 which
 among other things
 mandates the FDA to adopt preventative controls to be implemented by food facilities in order to minimize or prevent hazards to food safety. In addition
 the FDA enforces the Public Health Service Act and regulations issued thereunder
 which authorizes regulatory activity necessary to prevent the introduction
 transmission or spread of communicable diseases. These regulations require
 for example
 pasteurization of milk and milk products. We are subject to numerous other federal
 state and local regulations involving such matters as the licensing and registration of manufacturing facilities
 enforcement by government health agencies of standards for our products
We use quality control laboratories in our manufacturing facilities to test raw ingredients. In addition
 all of our facilities have achieved Safety Quality Food (SQF) Level 3 under the Global Food Safety Initiative. Product quality and freshness are essential to the successful distribution of our products. To monitor product quality at our facilities
We are subject to certain safety regulations
We are subject to various state and federal environmental laws
 regulations and directives
 including the Food Quality Protection Act of 1996
 the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
 the Federal Insecticide
 Fungicide and Rodenticide Act and the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
 as amended. Our plants use a number of chemicals that are considered to be &#8220;extremely&#8221; hazardous substances pursuant to applicable environmental laws due to their toxicity
 including ammonia
 which is used extensively in our operations as a refrigerant. Such chemicals must be handled in accordance with such environmental laws. Also
 on occasion
 certain of our facilities discharge biodegradable wastewater into municipal waste treatment facilities in excess of levels allowed under local regulations. As a result
 certain of our facilities are required to pay wastewater surcharges or to construct wastewater pretreatment facilities. To date
We maintain above-ground and under-ground petroleum storage tanks at many of our facilities. We periodically inspect these tanks to determine whether they are in compliance with applicable regulations and
 as a result of such inspections
 we are required to make expenditures from time to time to ensure that these tanks remain in compliance. In addition
 upon removal of the tanks
 we are sometimes required to make expenditures to restore the site in accordance with applicable environmental laws. To date
We believe that we are in material compliance with the environmental regulations applicable to our business. We do not expect the cost of our continued compliance to have a material impact on our capital expenditures
 earnings
 cash flows or competitive position in the foreseeable future. In addition
The federal government establishes minimum prices that we must pay to producers in federally regulated areas for raw milk. Raw milk primarily contains raw skim milk in addition to a small percentage of butterfat. Raw milk delivered to our facilities is tested to determine the percentage of butterfat and other milk components
The federal government&#8217;s minimum prices for Class I milk vary depending on the processor&#8217;s geographic location or sales area and the type of product manufactured. Federal minimum prices change monthly. Class I butterfat and raw skim milk prices (which are the minimum prices we are required to pay for raw milk that is processed into Class&#160;I products such as fluid milk) and Class II raw skim milk prices (which are the minimum prices we are required to pay for raw milk that is processed into Class II products such as cottage cheese
 creams
 creamers
 ice cream and sour cream) for each month are announced by the federal government the immediately preceding month. Class II butterfat prices are announced either at the end of the month or the first week of the following month in which the price is effective. Some states have established their own rules for determining minimum prices for raw milk. In addition to the federal or state minimum prices
 we also may pay producer premiums
We are subject to various labeling requirements with respect to our products at the federal
 state and local levels. At the federal level
 the FDA has authority to review product labeling
 and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;) may review labeling and advertising materials
 including online and television advertisements
 to determine if advertising materials are misleading. Similarly
Our fiscal year ends on December&#160;31. We file annual
 quarterly and current reports
You may read and copy any reports
 statements or other information that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission at the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100&#160;F Street
 N.E.
 Washington D.C. 20549. You can request copies of these documents
 upon payment of a duplicating fee
We file our reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission electronically through the Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s Electronic Data Gathering
 Analysis and Retrieval (&#8220;EDGAR&#8221;) system. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports
&#32;our Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form&#160;8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&#160;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission. We are not
 however
 including the information contained on our website
 or information that may be accessed through links on our website
 as part of
 or incorporating such information by reference into
 this Form 10-K.
 together with the Corporate Governance Principles of our Board of Directors and the charters of the Audit
 Compensation and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committees of our Board of Directors. Any waivers that we may grant to our executive officers or directors under the Code of Ethics
 and any amendments to our Code of Ethics
 will be posted on our corporate website. If you would like hard copies of any of these documents
 or of any of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission
2711 North Haskell Avenue
Dallas
Business
We are experiencing a continuing shift from branded to private label products. Retailers continue to aggressively price their private label milk to drive foot traffic
 which has been increasing the price gap between branded and private label milk. We believe this negatively affects our branded product sales as customers trade down to private label products. This trend could be accelerated by the continued expansion of deep discount supermarket retailers
 such as Aldi and Lidl
 in the U.S. market. These factors have negatively impacted and could continue to impact our mix and margins
Volume softness in the dairy category
 combined with our volume losses
Industry-wide volume softness across dairy product categories
 particularly within fluid milk
 continued in 2017. Decreasing dairy category volume has increased the impact of declining margins on our business. Periods of declining volumes limit the cost and price increases that we can seek to recapture. We expect volume softness to continue in the future. In addition
 in recent years
 we have experienced volume losses and declines in historical volumes from some of our largest customers
Our results of operations and financial condition depend heavily on the cost and supply of raw materials and other inputs including conventional raw milk
 butterfat
 cream and other dairy commodities
 many of which are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand over which we have limited or no control. Cost increases in raw materials and other inputs could cause our profitability to decrease significantly compared to prior periods
Although we generally pass through the cost of dairy commodities to our customers over time
 we believe demand destruction can occur at certain price levels
 and we may be unwilling or unable to pass through the cost of dairy commodities
 which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. Dairy commodity prices can be affected by adverse weather conditions (including the impact of climate change) and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frost
 fires
 earthquakes and pestilence
Our profitability also depends on the cost and supply of non-dairy raw materials and other inputs
 such as sweeteners
 petroleum-based products
 diesel fuel
Our dairy and non-dairy raw materials are generally sourced from third parties
 and we are not assured of continued supply
 pricing or sufficient access to raw materials from any of these suppliers. Damage to our suppliers' manufacturing
 transportation or distribution capabilities could impair our ability to make
 transport
 distribute or sell our products. Other events that adversely affect our suppliers and that are out of our control could also impair our ability to obtain the raw materials and other inputs that we need in the quantities and at the prices that we desire. Such events include adverse weather conditions (including climate change) or natural disasters
 government action
 or problems with our suppliers&#8217; businesses
 finances
 labor relations
 costs
 production
 insurance
If we are unable to obtain raw materials and other inputs for our products or offset any increased costs for such raw materials and inputs
 our business could be negatively affected. While we may enter into forward purchase contracts and other purchase arrangements with suppliers and may purchase over-the-counter contracts with our qualified banking partners or exchange-traded commodity futures contracts for raw materials
 these arrangements do not eliminate the risk of negative impacts on our business
We may not realize anticipated benefits from our enterprise-wide cost productivity plan
 and we may not complete this plan within our projected time frames
 either of which could materially adversely impact our business
 financial condition
We are executing an aggressive enterprise-wide cost productivity plan to significantly overhaul and reset our cost structure. We believe these cost savings measures are necessary to offset our volume deleverage and position our business for future success and growth. Our future success and earnings depend upon our ability to realize the benefit of our cost reduction activities and rationalization plans
 particularly in an environment of increased competitive activity
 volume pressures
 and reduced profitability. Inflation
 declining volumes and competitive pricing pressures have negated
 and may continue to negate
 some of the impact of our cost saving efforts. In addition
 several factors could cause our cost productivity plan to adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. These include potential disruption of our operations and other aspects of our business and significant investments required to execute the plan. Employee morale and productivity could also suffer and result in unintended employee attrition. Our cost productivity plan will require substantial management time and attention and may divert management from other important work. In addition
 certain of our cost reduction activities have led to increased costs in other aspects of our business such as increased conversion or distribution costs. For example
 in connection with our plant closures
 our cost of distribution on a per gallon basis has increased as we have changed distribution routes and transported product into areas previously serviced by now closed plants. If we fail to properly anticipate and mitigate the ancillary cost increases related to our plant closures or other cost savings
In addition
 we must execute our plans within our projected timelines in order to meet our financial projections and to remain competitive in the marketplace. We could encounter delays in executing our plans
 which could cause further disruption and additional unanticipated expense. If we are unable to realize the anticipated benefits from our cost productivity plan or complete them within the targeted time frame
 we may be unable to meet our financial projections
 or realize the necessary cost savings to offset the anticipated impact from our volume deleverage and cost inflation. In addition
 we could be cost disadvantaged in the marketplace
 and our competitiveness and our profitability could decrease. Depending on the extent of the decline in our financial results and our financial and cash flow projections
Our volume
 sales and profits have been
 and may continue to be
Many of our retail customers have become increasingly price sensitive and investing in private label
 which has intensified the competitive environment in which we operate. As a result
 we have been subject to a number of competitive bidding situations
 both formal and informal
 which have materially reduced our sales volumes and profitability on sales to several customers. We expect this trend of competitive bidding to continue. In oder to win business in such a competitive environment
 we may have to replace existing or lost volume with lower margin business
 which could also negatively impact our profitability. Additionally
 this competitive environment may result in us serving an increasing number of small format customers
 which may raise the costs of production and distribution
 and negatively impact the profitability of our business. If we are unable to structure our business to appropriately respond to the pricing demands of our customers
 we may lose customers to other processors that are willing to sell product at a lower cost
 which could negatively impact our volume
Price concessions to retailers have negatively impacted
 and could continue to negatively impact
In the past
 retailers have at times required price concessions that have negatively impacted our margins
 and continued pressures to make such price concessions could negatively impact our profitability in the future. If we are not able to lower our cost structure adequately in response to customer pricing demands
 and if we are not able to attract and retain a profitable customer mix and a profitable product mix
Many of our customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 have consolidated. This consolidation may continue. These consolidations have produced large
 more sophisticated customers with increased buying power and negotiating strength
 who may seek lower prices or more favorable terms
 and they have increased our dependence on key large-format retailers and discount supermarket retailers. In addition
 some of these customers are vertically integrated and have re-dedicated key shelf-space that was formerly occupied by our branded products for their private label products. We are also facing downward pricing pressure from retailers
 such as discount supermarket retailers
 who sell their own private label products and proprietary brands. In addition to the competitive pressures from retail customers
The highly competitive retail fluid milk and broader grocery industries are facing additional future uncertainties as a result of the rise of discount supermarket chains
 online and delivery grocery offerings
 meal kit services
 and other mechanisms of food delivery. These developments may trigger significant changes in pricing competition
 and the grocery industry
 as well as consumer buying patterns
Higher levels of price competition and higher resistance to price increases have had a significant impact on our business. If we are unable to respond to these customer dynamics and potential future changes in the customer landscape
Our ability to generate positive cash flow and profits will depend partly on our successful execution of our business strategy. Our business strategy may require significant capital investment and management attention
 which may result in the diversion of these resources from other business issues and opportunities.&#160;Additionally
 the successful implementation of our current business strategy is subject to our ability to manage costs and expenses and implement our enterprise-wide cost productivity plan
 our ability to develop new and innovative products
 the success of continuing improvement initiatives
 our ability to leverage processing and logistical efficiencies
 our consumers&#8217; demand for our brands and products
 the effectiveness of our advertising and targeting of consumers and channels
 the availability of favorable acquisition opportunities and our ability to attract and retain qualified management and other personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement our business strategy. If we cannot successfully execute our business strategy
 our business
Building strong brands is a key component of our business strategy in order to expand sales and volumes and to respond to the changing customer landscape. With the launch of our national brands
 
 we have expanded from a regional branding strategy to a national branding strategy. We have incurred
 and may continue to incur in the future
 significant expenditures for advertising and marketing campaigns in an effort to build brand awareness and preference over other private label products. We may not be successful in our efforts to expand our regional brand presence to a national brand presence
 and we cannot guarantee that our advertising and marketing campaigns will result in customer or consumer acceptance of our brands. Further
 the success of our national branding strategy requires us to drive operational changes in order to have a national brand footprint. If these efforts are unsuccessful or we incur substantial costs in connection with these efforts
 our business
The loss of
 or a material reduction or change in the mix of sales volumes purchased by
Walmart Inc. and its subsidiaries
 including Sam&#8217;s Club
 accounted for approximately 
 respectively
 and our top five customers
 including Walmart
 collectively accounted for approximately 32% and 31% of our consolidated net sales in 
 respectively. In connection with Walmart Inc.&#8217;s dairy processing plant in Indiana
 we expect to lose approximately 60 million gallons of private label fluid milk volume beginning in the second half of 2018
 which equates to approximately 100 to 110 million gallons annually. In addition
 we expect marketplace volume and mix challenges to continue in 2018
We are also indirectly exposed to the financial and business risks of our largest customers because
 if their business declines
 they may correspondingly decrease the volumes purchased from us. The loss of
 or further declines or changes in the mix of sales volumes purchased by
 any of our largest customers could negatively impact our sales and profits
 particularly due to our significant fixed costs and assets
The failure to successfully identify
We regularly evaluate acquisitions and other strategic opportunities as part of our business strategy. We face significant competition from numerous other bidders
 many of which may have greater financial resources to allocate for acquisition opportunities. Accordingly
 attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us or may be available only at higher cost or valuations. If we are unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or successfully&#160;consummate the acquisitions and integrate&#160;the businesses we acquire
Additionally
 the acquisitions that we complete may involve potential risks
inability to achieve anticipated benefits from these acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate
inherent risks in entering geographic locations
inability to integrate the new operations
Moreover
 merger and acquisition activities are subject to antitrust and competition laws
 which have impacted
 and may continue to impact
If we fail to anticipate and respond to changes in consumer preferences
Consumer tastes
dietary trends and increased attention to nutritional values
 such as the sugar
 fat
concerns regarding the health effects of specific ingredients and nutrients
 such as dairy
 sugar and other sweeteners
concerns regarding the public health consequences associated with obesity
If we fail to anticipate and respond to these changes and trends
 we may experience reduced consumer demand for our products
We maintain a large database of confidential information and sensitive data in our information technology systems
 including confidential employee
 supplier and customer information
 and accounting
 financial and other data on which we rely for internal and external financial reporting and other purposes. In addition
 the efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems
 including those of third parties
 to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 logistics
 accounting and other business processes. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain an appropriate technology environment
 our business or financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition
 our information technology systems and those of third parties are vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including systems failures
 viruses
 security breaches or cyber incidents such as ransomware
 intentional cyber attacks aimed at theft of sensitive data or inadvertent cyber-security compromises. A security breach of such information or failure of our information technology systems or those of third parties that we rely on could result in damage to our reputation
 negatively impact our relations with our customers or employees
 and expose us to liability and litigation. Moreover
 a security breach or failure of our information systems could also result in the alteration
 corruption or loss of the accounting
 financial or other data on which we rely for internal and external financial reporting and other purposes and
 depending on the severity of the security breach or systems failure
 could prevent the audit of our financial statements or our internal control over financial reporting from being completed on a timely basis or at all
 or could negatively impact the resulting audit opinions. Any such damage or interruption
 or alteration
 corruption or loss
We may incur liabilities or harm to our reputation
 or be forced to recall products
We sell products for human consumption
 which involves a number of risks. Product contamination
 spoilage
 other adulteration
 misbranding
 mislabeling
 or product tampering could require us to recall products. We also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations
 including environmental
 health and safety requirements
 or in the event our products cause injury
 illness or death. In addition
 our product advertising could make us the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and state laws
 including the consumer protection statutes of some states
 or laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. A significant product liability
 consumer fraud or other legal judgment against us or a widespread product recall may negatively impact our sales
 brands
 reputation and profitability. Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this sort might not be covered by insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others. Even if a product liability
 consumer fraud or other claim is found to be without merit or is otherwise unsuccessful
 the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand image
 particularly in categories that consumers believe as having strong health and wellness credentials. Further
 the risks to our reputation and brand image are more susceptible on a national scale as a result of our expansion from a regional branded platform to a national branded platform. In addition
 consumer preferences related to genetically modified foods
 animal proteins
Our ability to make
 move and sell our products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather (including the impact of climate change)
 natural disaster
 fire
 environmental incident
 terrorism (including eco-terrorism and bio-terrorism)
 pandemic
 strikes
 the financial or operational instability of key suppliers
 distributors
 warehousing and transportation providers
 or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. If we are unable
 or it is not financially feasible
 to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 our business and results of operations could be negatively affected and additional resources could be required to restore our supply chain. In addition
 we are subject to federal motor carrier regulations
 such as the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act
 with which our extensive DSD system must comply. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in our inability to deliver product to our customers in a timely manner
The success of our business depends
 in part
 on maintaining a strong production platform and we rely on internal production resources and third-party co-packers to fulfill our manufacturing needs. As part of our ongoing cost reduction efforts
 we have closed or announced the closure of a number of our plants since late 2012. It is possible that we may need to increase our reliance on third parties to provide manufacturing and supply services
 commonly referred to as &#8220;co-packing&#8221; agreements
 for a number of our products. In particular
 there is increasing consumer preference for certain sized extended shelf life (&#8220;ESL&#8221;) products in certain categories and
 as a result of the Morningstar divestiture
 we are contractually limited in our ability to manufacture ESL products. In such case
 we must rely on our co-packers. A failure by our co-packers to comply with food safety
 environmental
 or other laws and regulations may disrupt our supply of products and cause damage to the reputation of our brand. If we need to enter into additional co-packing agreements in the future
 we can provide no assurance that we would be able to find acceptable third-party providers or enter into agreements on satisfactory terms. Our inability to establish satisfactory co-packing arrangements could limit our ability to operate our business and could negatively affect our sales volumes and results of operations. If we cannot maintain sufficient production capacity
 either internally or through third-party agreements
 we may be unable to meet customer demand and/or our manufacturing costs may increase
If we are unable to hire
 retain and develop our leadership bench
 or fail to develop and implement an adequate succession plan for current leadership positions
Our continued and future success depends partly upon our ability to hire
 retain and develop our leadership bench. &#160;Effective succession planning is also a key factor in our long-term success. Any unplanned turnover or failure to develop or implement an adequate succession plan to backfill key leadership positions could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage.&#160;Our failure to enable the effective transfer of knowledge or to facilitate smooth transitions with regard to key leadership positions
 including the upcoming onboarding of Jody Macedonio as CFO
 could adversely affect our long-term strategic planning and execution and negatively affect our business
We have substantial debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. We may incur additional debt in the future. In addition to our other financial obligations
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;of long-term debt obligations
February&#160;21
 2018
&#32;of combined future borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility and receivables securitization facility
We have pledged substantially all of our assets
 other than real property
require us to dedicate significant cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our debt
 which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes
 including for funding working capital
 capital expenditures
impose on us additional financial and operational restrictions
 including restrictions on our ability to
 among other things
 incur additional indebtedness
 create liens
 guarantee obligations
 undertake acquisitions or sales of assets
 declare dividends and make other specified restricted payments
To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness in the future
 these limitations would likely have a greater impact on our business. Failure to make required payments on our debt or comply with the financial covenants or any other non-financial or restrictive covenants set forth in the agreements governing our debt could create a default and cause a downgrade to our credit rating. Upon a default
 our lenders could accelerate the indebtedness
 foreclose against their collateral or seek other remedies
 which would jeopardize our ability to continue our current operations. In those circumstances
 we may be required to amend the agreements governing our debt
 refinance all or part of our existing debt
 sell assets
 incur additional indebtedness or raise equity. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other financial obligations and comply with financial covenants depends on our financial and operating performance
 which in turn
 is subject to various factors such as prevailing economic conditions and to financial
 business and other factors
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act signed into law on December 22
Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on the Company. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the U.S. Treasury Department. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;)
 which was signed into law in December 2017
 made comprehensive changes to the U.S. tax code affecting tax years 2017 and thereafter. Among other things
 the Tax Act reduces the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 imposes a mandatory one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings
 enhances the acceleration of depreciation deductions on qualified property
 changes the U.S. taxation of foreign earnings and eliminates certain business deductions. The legislation is unclear in certain respects and will require interpretations and implementing regulations by the IRS
 as well as state tax authorities
 and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections
 any of which could lessen or increase certain adverse impacts of the legislation. It is also uncertain how credit rating agencies will treat the impacts of this legislation on their credit ratings and metrics. While there are benefits
 there is substantial uncertainty regarding the details of the Tax Act. The intended and unintended consequences of the Tax Act on our business and on holders of our common stock is uncertain and could be adverse. For example
We cannot predict with certainty how the Tax Act or any other changes in the tax laws might affect the Company or its stockholders. The new legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations
We may need additional financing in the future
From time to time
 we may need additional financing to support our business and pursue our growth strategy
 including strategic acquisitions. Our ability to obtain additional financing
 if and when required
 will depend on investor demand
 our operating performance
 the condition of the capital markets
 and other factors. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms when required
 or at all. If we are unable to obtain additional financing in the future
 our business
 financial condition
In November 2013
 our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy under which we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. Under this policy
 holders of our common stock will receive dividends when and as declared by our Board of Directors. Pursuant to this policy
 we paid quarterly dividends of $0.09 per share ($0.36 per share annually) during 2017. However
 we are not required to pay dividends and our stockholders do not have contractual or other legal rights to receive them. Any determination to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future may be affected by business conditions
 our views on potential future capital requirements
 the terms of our debt instruments
 legal risks
 changes in federal income tax law and challenges to our business model. Furthermore
 our Board of Directors may decide at any time
 in its discretion
 not to pay a dividend
 to decrease the amount of dividends or to change or revoke the dividend policy entirely. If we do not pay dividends
 for whatever reason
Our stock price is volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance
The market price of our common stock has historically been volatile and in the future may be influenced by many factors
 some of which are beyond our control
strategic actions by us or our competitors
 such as acquisitions
 restructurings
 significant contracts
 acquisitions
 joint marketing relationships
changes in conditions or trends in our industry
In addition
 the stock markets
 including the New York Stock Exchange
 have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities issued by many companies
 including companies in our industry. In the past
 some companies that have had volatile market prices for their securities have been subject to class action or derivative lawsuits or shareholder activism. The filing of a lawsuit against us or shareholder activism targeted toward us
 regardless of the outcome
 could have a negative effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations
These market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock
Future funding requirements
In addition to our company-sponsored pension plans
 we participate in certain multiemployer defined benefit pension plans that are administered jointly by labor unions representing certain of our employees and multiple employers like us that have employees participating in the plan. We make periodic contributions to these multiemployer pension plans in accordance with the provisions of negotiated collective bargaining agreements. Our required contributions to these plans could increase due to a number of factors
 including the funded status of the plans and the level of our ongoing participation in these plans. Underfunding is not a direct obligation or liability of ours or any employer
 but is likely to have important consequences. Our risk of such increased payments may be greater if any of the participating employers in these underfunded plans withdraws from the plan due to insolvency and is not able to contribute an amount sufficient to fund the unfunded liabilities associated with its participants in the plan. In the event that we decide to withdraw from participation in one of these multiemployer plans
Some of the plans in which we participate are reported to have significant underfunded liabilities
 which could increase the amount of any potential withdrawal liability. This requires us to potentially make substantial withdrawal liability payments when we close a facility covered by one of these plans
 which could hinder our ability to make otherwise appropriate management decisions to operate as efficiently as possible. In addition
 under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 and the Multi-Employer Pension Reform Act of 2014
 special funding rules apply to multiemployer pension plans that are classified as &#8220;endangered
&#8221; &#8220;seriously endangered
&#8221; &#8220;critical
&#8221; or critical and declining status. Some of the plans in which we participate are in critical or critical and declining status
 and we have been required to make additional contributions and may be subject to additional contributions in the future. We are subject to substantial withdrawal liability with respect to a number of multiemployer pension plans in which we participate. Our greatest potential withdrawal liability is related to the Central States
 Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund
Form 5500 filings
 meaning it was less than 65% funded. The plan is currently projected to become insolvent in 2025. It is unclear what will happen to this plan in the future
 and the effects and consequences of the plan&#8217;s insolvency are currently unknown. Future funding requirements and related charges associated with multiemployer plans in which we participate could have a material negative impact on our results of operations
The costs of providing employee benefits have escalated
 and liabilities under certain plans may be triggered due to our actions or the actions of others
We sponsor various defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans
 as well as contribute to various multiemployer pension plans on behalf of our employees. Changes in interest rates or in the market value of plan assets could affect the funded status of our pension plans. This could cause volatility in our benefits costs and increase future funding requirements of our plans. Pension and post-retirement costs also may be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions including anticipated rates of return on plan assets and the discount rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation and annual periodic pension costs. Recent changes in federal laws require plan sponsors to eliminate
 over defined time periods
 the underfunded status of plans that are subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act rules and regulations. Certain of our defined benefit retirement plans are less than fully funded. Facility closings may trigger cash payments or previously unrecognized obligations under our defined benefit retirement plans
 and the costs of such liabilities may be significant or may compromise our ability to close facilities or otherwise conduct cost reduction initiatives on time and within budget. A significant increase in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. In addition to potential changes in funding requirements
Some of our debt is rated by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor&#8217;s
 Moody&#8217;s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings
 and there are a number of factors beyond our control with respect to these ratings. Our credit ratings are currently considered to be below &#8220;investment grade.&#8221; Although the interest rate on our existing credit facilities is not affected by changes in our credit ratings
 such ratings or any further rating downgrades may impair our ability to raise additional capital in the future on terms that are acceptable to us
 if at all
 may cause the value of our securities to decline and may have other negative implications with respect to our business. Ratings reflect only the views of the ratings agency issuing the rating
 are not recommendations to buy
Unfavorable economic conditions may adversely impact our business
The dairy industry is sensitive to changes in international
 national and local general economic conditions. Future economic decline or increased income disparity could have an adverse effect on consumer spending patterns. Increased levels of unemployment
 increased consumer debt levels and other unfavorable economic factors could further adversely affect consumer demand for products we sell or distribute
Scrutiny of the dairy industry has resulted
 and may continue to result
 in litigation against us. Such lawsuits are expensive to defend
 divert management&#8217;s attention and may result in significant judgments or settlements. In some cases
 these awards would be trebled by statute and successful plaintiffs are entitled to an award of attorneys&#8217; fees. Depending on its size
 such a judgment or settlement could materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition and impair our ability to continue operations. We may not be able to pay such judgment or to post a bond for an appeal
 given our financial condition and our available cash resources. In addition
 depending on its size
 failure to pay such a judgment or failure to post an appeal bond could cause us to breach certain provisions of our credit facilities. In either of these or other circumstances
 we may seek a waiver of or amendment to the terms of our credit facilities
 but we may not be able to obtain such a waiver or amendment. Failure to obtain such a waiver or amendment would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 cash flows and financial condition and could impair our ability to continue operations. Moreover
 such litigation could expose us to negative publicity
 which could adversely affect our brands
We were previously a party to a private antitrust lawsuit brought by two plaintiffs that was scheduled for trial beginning March 28
 2017. Prior to trial
dismissed on March 21
 2017 with respect to one plaintiff
 and on March 26
 2017 with respect to the other plaintiff. The two plaintiffs initiated the case in 2007 as a putative class action. Although the court refused to certify the case as a class action
 the court&#8217;s denial of class certification did not act as an adjudication on the merits for the class of purchasers the named plaintiffs proposed to represent. Therefore
We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. If the amounts we are required to pay as a result of claims against us substantially exceed the sums anticipated by our&#160;reserves
 if established
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;of our employees were covered under collective bargaining agreements. Our collective bargaining agreements generally run in duration from 3 to 5 years. At any given time
 we may face a number of union organizing drives. When we negotiate collective bargaining agreements or terms
 we and the union may disagree on important issues which
 in turn
 could possibly lead to a strike
 work slowdown or other job actions at one or more of our locations. In the event of a strike
 work slowdown or other labor unrest
 or if we are unable to negotiate labor contracts on reasonable terms
 our ability to supply our products to customers could be impaired
 which could result in reduced revenue and customer claims
 and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities. In addition
Our business is subject to various environmental and health and safety laws and regulations
Our business operations are subject to numerous requirements in the United States relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters
 including the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response and the Compensation and Liability Act of 1980
 as amended
 as well as similar state and local statutes and regulations in the United States. These laws and regulations govern
 among other things
 air emissions and the discharge of wastewater and other pollutants
 the use of refrigerants
 the handling and disposal of hazardous materials
 and the cleanup of contamination in the environment. The costs of complying with these laws and regulations may be significant
 particularly relating to wastewater and ammonia treatment which are capital intensive. Additionally
 we could incur significant costs
 including fines
 penalties and other sanctions
 cleanup costs and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury as a result of the failure to comply with
 or liabilities under
 environmental
 health and safety requirements. New legislation
 as well as current federal and other state regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental matters
 could require us to replace equipment
 install additional pollution controls
Changes in laws
We are subject to federal
 state and local governmental laws and regulations
 including those promulgated by the FDA
 the USDA
 U.S. Department of the Treasury
 IRS
 Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
 FTC
 Department of Transportation
 Department of Labor
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and numerous related regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in federal
 state or local laws
 or the interpretations of such laws and regulations
Violations of laws or regulations related to the food industry
 as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations related to the food industry
The food production and marketing industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state and local laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related to the ingredients
 manufacture
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
 labeling quality and distribution of our products
 as well as those related to worker health and workplace safety. Our activities are subject to extensive regulation. We are regulated by
 among other federal and state authorities
 the FDA
 the EPA
 the FTC
 and the U.S. Departments of Agriculture
 Commerce
FDA redesigned the Nutrition Facts label and requires all packaged goods to use the new label by July 2018 (although the FDA has taken formal steps to extend that deadline
 which is currently expected to be January 2020). Change and implementation of new labels on our products to comply with these rules may result in significant costs to our business.  In addition
 a growing number of local ordinances across the country have imposed a tax on sweetened beverages
 which may have a negative impact on our sales
 results of operations and our business. In addition
 a number of states are considering similar laws. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 immigration and other labor issues
In addition
 our volumes may be impacted by the level of government spending that supports grocery purchases because such amounts may impact the level of consumer spending on fluid dairy products. As a meaningful portion of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (&#8220;SNAP&#8221;) benefits are spent in the dairy category
 we are cautious about the impact that any change or reduction in these benefits could have on consumer spending in the dairy category. Any reduction or change in SNAP benefits or the suspension
 curtailment
 or expiration of other government spending programs
 such as the Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women
 Infants
 and Children
In addition
 the marketing and advertising of our products could make us the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal and state laws and regulations
 and we may be subject to initiatives that limit or prohibit the marketing and advertising of our products to children. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase our compliance costs
 increase other costs of doing business for us
 our customers or our suppliers
 or restrict our actions
 which could adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases
 increased regulatory scrutiny could interrupt distribution of our products or force changes in our production processes or procedures (or force us to implement new processes or procedures). For example
 the FDA has finalized new regulations pursuant to the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 which requires
 among other things
 that food facilities conduct contamination hazard analysis
 implement risk-based preventive controls and develop track-and-trace capabilities
 and there could be unforeseen issues
 requirements and costs that arise as we come into compliance with these new rules by the various required compliance dates
 with the last new rule to become effective in 2019. Further
 if we are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions or recalls
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
Our corporate headquarters are located in leased premises at 2711 North Haskell Avenue
 Suite&#160;3400
 Dallas
 Texas 75204. In addition
We currently conduct our manufacturing operations within the following facilities
Homewood
Hammond
Springfield
City of Industry
Franklin
Toledo
Hayward
Lynn
Erie
Englewood
Wilbraham
Lansdale
Greeley
Grand Rapids
Lebanon
Deland
Livonia
Schuylkill Haven
Miami
Marquette
Sharpsville
Orlando
Thief River Falls
Spartanburg
Braselton
Woodbury
Sioux Falls
Hilo
Billings
Athens
Honolulu
Great Falls
Nashville
Boise
North Las Vegas
Dallas
Belvidere
Reno
El Paso
Harvard
Florence
Houston
Huntley
Albuquerque
Lubbock
O&#8217;Fallon
Rensselaer
McKinney
Rockford
High Point
San Antonio
Decatur
Winston-Salem
Salt Lake City
Huntington
Bismarck
St. George
LeMars
Tulsa
Ashwaubenon
Louisville
Marietta
The majority of our manufacturing facilities also serve as distribution facilities. In addition
 we have numerous distribution branches located across the country
We are party from time to time to certain pending or threatened legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. Potential liabilities associated with these matters are not expected to have a material adverse impact on our financial position
 results of operations
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
February&#160;21
 2018
 there were 1
&#8212; In accordance with our cash dividend policy
 holders of our common stock will receive dividends when and as declared by our Board of Directors. Beginning in 2015
 all awards of restricted stock units
 performance stock units and phantom stock awards provide for cash dividend equivalent units
&#32;per share were paid in March
 June
 September and December of 2017 and 2016
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the terms of our senior secured credit facility
The following selected financial data as of and for each of the years ended December&#160;31
&#32;has been derived from our audited Consolidated Financial Statements. The operating results of WhiteWave and Morningstar and certain other directly attributable expenses
 including interest expense
 related to the sale of Morningstar
 which occurred on January&#160;3
 2013
 and the spin-off of WhiteWave
 which was completed on May&#160;23
 2013
(Dollars in thousands
7
795
7
710
8
121
9
503
9
016
5
977
5
722
6
147
7
829
7
161
1
817
1
987
1
974
1
673
1
854
1
346
1
348
1
379
1
355
1
337
311
346
350
288
310
20
20
21
2
3
Facility closing and reorganization costs
24
8
19
4
27
(2
(1
30
109
20
43
(4
2
1
734
1
723
1
881
1
664
1
723
83
263
93
8
130
64
66
66
61
200
43
1
63
(415
Other income
(2
(5
(3
(1
62
61
106
60
(152
21
202
(13
(52
283
(26
82
(5
(32
(42
47
120
(8
(20
325
Income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
(1
2
Gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations
2
491
61
119
(8
(20
819
(6
61
119
(8
(20
813
90
899
90
933
93
298
93
916
93
785
91
273
91
510
93
298
93
916
94
796
2
503
2
606
2
520
2
768
2
800
913
886
834
916
895
203
276
272
276
273
655
610
545
627
714
&#32;to our Consolidated Financial Statements
 we include certain shipping and handling costs within selling and distribution expense. As a result
Prior to 2015
 certain of our trademarks were not amortized as our intent was to continue to use these intangible assets indefinitely. During the first quarter of 2015
 we approved the launch of 
 our national white milk brand. In connection with the approval of the launch of 
 we re-evaluated our indefinite-lived trademarks and determined them to be finite-lived
 with remaining useful lives of 5 years. In the first quarter of 2016
 we further evaluated the remaining useful life of our finite-lived trademarks in conjunction with our newly approved strategy around our ice cream brands. Based on our evaluation
Results for 2017 include non-cash impairment charges of $30.7 million related to property
 plant and equipment at certain of our production facilities
 and certain assets that are not expected to generate a future economic benefit. During the first quarter of 2015
 we approved the launch of 
 our national white milk brand. In connection with the approval of the launch of 
 we changed our indefinite lived trademarks to finite lived
 resulting in a triggering event for impairment testing purposes. Based upon our analysis
. Results for 2014 include non-cash impairment charges of $20.8 million related to property
 plant
 and equipment at certain of our production facilities. Results for 2013 include non-cash impairment charges of $35.5 million related to property
In March 2015
 we redeemed the remaining $476.2 million principal amount of our outstanding senior notes due 2016 at a total redemption price of approximately $521.8 million. As a result
&#32;pre-tax loss on early retirement of long-term debt in the first quarter of 2015. In December 2014
 we completed the redemption of our remaining $24 million outstanding principal amount of our senior notes due 2018 at a redemption price equal to 104.875% of their principal amount
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
&#32;in total. As a result
 we recorded a $1.4 million pre-tax loss on early retirement of debt in 2014. During the fourth quarter of 2013
 we successfully completed a cash tender offer for $400 million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due 2018 and our senior notes due 2016. We purchased $376.2 million of the senior notes due 2018
 for their aggregate principal amount plus a call premium of approximately $54 million and $23.8 million of the senior notes due 2016 for their aggregate principal amount plus a call premium of approximately $3 million. As a result
In July 2013
 we disposed of our remaining investment in WhiteWave common stock through a debt-for-equity exchange. As a result of the disposition
Results for 2017 include a one-time net income tax benefit of $43.7 million associated with the December 22
Income (loss) from discontinued operations for each of the five years shown in the table above includes the operating results and certain other directly attributable expenses
 including interest expense
For purposes of calculating the ratio of earnings to fixed charges
 &#8220;earnings&#8221; represents income (loss) before income taxes plus fixed charges and &#8220;fixed charges&#8221; consist of interest on all debt
Beginning in the first quarter of 2016
 unamortized debt issuance costs
 not related to revolving credit agreements
 of 
 
December&#160;31
 2016
 
 
 respectively
 were reclassified from other assets and netted against the outstanding debt balance due to the retrospective effect of ASU No. 2015-03
We are a leading food and beverage company and the largest processor and direct-to-store distributor of fresh fluid milk and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States
 with a vision to be the most admired and trusted provider of wholesome
 great-tasting dairy products at every occasion. We manufacture
 market and distribute a wide variety of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products
 including fluid milk
 ice cream
 cultured dairy products
 creamers
 ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers
 distributors
 foodservice outlets
. Due to the perishable nature of our products
 we deliver the majority of our products directly to our customers' locations in refrigerated trucks or trailers that we own or lease. We believe that we have one of the most extensive refrigerated DSD systems in the United States. We sell our products primarily on a local or regional basis through our local and regional sales forces
 and in some instances
We have aligned our leadership team
 operating strategy
 and sales
 logistics and supply chain initiatives into a single operating and reportable segment. Unless stated otherwise
See &#8220;Part I &#8212; Item&#160;1. Business &#8212; Developments Since January&#160;1
Our key performance indicators are brand mix
 achieving low cost and volume performance
 which are reflected in gross profit
 operating income and net sales
 respectively. We evaluate our financial performance based on sales and operating profit or loss before gains and losses on the sale of businesses
 facility closing and reorganization costs
 asset impairment charges
 litigation settlements and other nonrecurring gains and losses. The following table presents certain information concerning our financial results
7
7
8
5
5
6
1
1
1
1
1
1
Facility closing and reorganization costs
1
1
1
&#32;to our Consolidated Financial Statements
 we include certain shipping and handling costs within selling and distribution expense. As a result
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31

 or 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
 primarily due to increased pricing
 as a result of increases in dairy commodity costs from year-ago levels. On average
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;above prior-year levels. Additionally
 volumes associated with the Friendly's and Uncle Matt's acquisitions contributed $178.3 million to net sales in 2017 as compared to $96.0 million associated with the Friendly's acquisition in 2016. The Friendly's acquisition closed on June 20
December&#160;31
&#32;reflect 195 days of Friendly's operations. Net sales increases were partially offset by fluid milk volume declines from year-ago levels
 driven predominantly by overall category softness and private label fluid milk volume losses during 2017 due to competitive pressures
We generally increase or decrease the prices of our private label fluid dairy products on a monthly basis in correlation with fluctuations in the costs of raw materials
 packaging supplies and delivery costs. We manage the pricing of our branded fluid milk products on a longer-term basis
 balancing consumer demand with net price realization
 but in some cases
 we are subject to the terms of our sales agreements with respect to the means and/or timing of price increases
 which can negatively impact our profitability. The following table sets forth the average monthly Class&#160;I &#8220;mover&#8221; and its components
The prices noted in this table are not the prices that we actually pay. The federal order minimum prices applicable at any given location for Class I raw skim milk or Class I butterfat are based on the Class I mover prices plus producer premiums and a location differential. Class II prices noted in the table are federal minimum prices
We process Class II raw skim milk and butterfat into products such as cottage cheese
 creams and creamers
&#160;&#8212;&#160;All expenses incurred to bring a product to completion are included in cost of sales
 such as raw material
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
. This decrease was primarily due to higher input costs and the overall volume declines discussed above
 in addition to a higher mix of private label products in 2017
 which carry lower margins than our branded products.
 or 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2016
 primarily due to decreases in advertising costs of $20.6 million and incentive compensation of $8.2 million
December&#160;31
&#32;were impacted by significantly lower incentive compensation in comparison to the prior year. These decreases were partially offset by litigation settlements reached in the first quarter of 2017 and the related legal expenses
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. This increase was primarily due to lower foreign currency exchange gains in 2017 as compared to 2016
 partially offset by lower interest expense in 2017 as compared to 2016
. Generally
 our effective tax rate varies primarily based on our profitability level and the relative earnings of our business units. In 2017
 our effective tax rate was significantly impacted by the enactment of the Tax Act on December 22
 2017. The Tax Act makes comprehensive changes to the U.S. tax code affecting tax years 2017 and thereafter. Among other things
 the Tax Act reduces the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 imposes a mandatory one-time transition tax on unrepatriated foreign earnings
 enhances the acceleration of depreciation deductions on qualified property
 changes the U.S. taxation of foreign earnings and eliminates certain business deductions. The reduction in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate triggered an immediate revaluation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities
In addition to the Tax Act impacts
 our effective tax rate was impacted by the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-09

&#32;and an increase in our valuation allowance related to state net operating losses.&#160; Excluding the one-time net tax benefit of $43.7 million related to the Tax Act
 the $3.0 million tax expense related to excess tax deficiencies
 and the $5.9 million tax expense related to our valuation allowance
 our effective tax rate in 2017 would have been 41.0%.&#160; In 2016
 our effective tax rate was also impacted by the establishment of an uncertain tax position. Excluding the $3.0 million of tax expense related to this uncertain tax position
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31

 or 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
 primarily due to decreased pricing
 as a result of declines in dairy commodity costs from year-ago levels. On average
December&#160;31
 2016
Net sales were further impacted by a 2.1% total sales volume decline across all products from year-ago levels. Volume declines across our fluid milk business
 which accounted for 77% of our total sales volume in 2016
 were primarily the result of large format private label volume we chose to exit
 as this volume was not consistent with our more disciplined pricing architecture. Our total branded white milk volumes decreased 1.8% year-over-year
The following table sets forth the average monthly Class I &#8220;mover&#8221; and its components
The prices noted in this table are not the prices that we actually pay. The federal order minimum prices applicable at any given location for Class I raw skim milk or Class I butterfat are based on the Class I mover prices plus producer premiums and a location differential. Class II prices noted in the table are federal minimum prices
We process Class II raw skim milk and butterfat into products such as cottage cheese
 creams and creamers
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;below prior-year levels. In addition
. This increase was primarily due to the execution of our branded pricing strategy and the associated increased margin pool for our branded products
 as well as declining input costs and the impact of our ongoing productivity initiatives. Increases to gross profit were partially offset by overall volume declines discussed above.
 or 
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2015
&#32;primarily due to lower incentive-based compensation paid in 2016 as compared to 2015
 partially offset by a separation charge of $10.1 million recorded during 2016 in connection with the announcement of our CEO succession plan. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2016
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. This decrease in expense was primarily due to the loss on early retirement of long-term debt of $43.6 million recorded on the early retirement of our 2016 senior notes and extinguishment of our prior credit facility
&#8212; Income tax expense was recorded at an effective rate of 40.5% for 2016 compared to a 39.3% effective tax benefit rate in 2015. Generally
 our effective tax rate varies primarily based on our profitability level and the relative earnings of our business units. In 2016
 our effective tax rate was also impacted by the establishment of an uncertain tax position. Excluding the $3.0 million of tax expense related to this uncertain tax position
We believe that our cash on hand coupled with future cash flows from operations and other available sources of liquidity
&#32;senior secured revolving credit facility and our $450 million receivables securitization facility
 together will provide sufficient liquidity to allow us to meet our cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. Our anticipated uses of cash in 2018 include costs to execute our enterprise-wide cost productivity plan and other strategic initiatives; capital expenditures; working capital; financial obligations
 including tax payments; dividend payments; additional investments in unconsolidated affiliates; and other costs that may be necessary to invest to grow our business. We are also authorized to repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to a stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors. Additionally
 on an ongoing basis
 we evaluate and consider strategic acquisitions
 divestitures
 joint ventures
 or other transactions to create shareholder value and enhance financial performance. However
 we may
 from time to time
 raise additional funds through borrowings or public or private sales of debt or equity securities. The amount
 nature and timing of any borrowings or sales of debt or equity securities will depend on our operating performance and other circumstances; our then-current commitments and obligations; the amount
December&#160;31
 2017
 we had total cash on hand of 
&#32;was attributable to our foreign operations. Historically
 the cash held by our foreign subsidiary was reinvested indefinitely and was generally subject to U.S. income tax only upon repatriation to the U.S. However
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;of long-term debt obligations
December&#160;31
 2017
February&#160;21
) of combined available future borrowing capacity under our senior secured revolving credit facility and receivables securitization facility
 subject to compliance with the covenants in our credit agreements. Based on our current expectations
&#8212; On January 4
 2017
 we amended our credit agreement to
January&#160;4
; (ii) modify the leverage ratio covenant to add a requirement that we comply with a maximum total net leverage ratio (which
 for purposes of calculating indebtedness
&#32;and to eliminate the maximum senior secured net leverage ratio requirement; (iii) modify the definition of &#8220;Consolidated EBITDA&#8221; to permit certain pro forma cost savings add-backs in connection with permitted acquisitions and dispositions; (iv) modify the definition of &#8220;Applicable Rate&#8221; to reduce the interest rate margins such that loans outstanding under the revolving credit facility will bear interest
 at our option
) based on our total net leverage ratio
) based on our total net leverage ratio; (v) modify certain negative covenants to provide additional flexibility for the incurrence of debt
January&#160;4
 2017
 we amended the purchase agreement governing our receivables securitization facility to
January&#160;4
 2020
&#32;on undrawn amounts
&#32;&#8212; In accordance with our cash dividend policy
 holders of our common stock will receive dividends when and as declared by our Board of Directors. Beginning in 2015
 all awards of restricted stock units
 performance stock units and phantom shares provide for cash dividend equivalent units
 which vest in cash at the same time as the underlying award. Quarterly dividends of $0.09 per share were paid in March
 June
 September and December of 
December&#160;31
 2017
. Our cash dividend policy is subject to modification
 suspension or cancellation in any manner and at any time. Dividends are presented as a reduction to retained earnings in our Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Equity unless we have an accumulated deficit as of the end of the period
&#8212; Since 1998
 our Board of Directors has from time to time authorized the repurchase of our common stock up to an aggregate of 
December&#160;31
 2017
1
371
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;remained available for repurchases under this program (excluding fees and commissions). Our management is authorized to purchase shares from time to time through open market transactions at prevailing prices or in privately-negotiated transactions
 subject to market conditions and other factors. Shares
 when repurchased
The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
144
257
(112
(134
(288
153
(11
(9
(1
(2
2
(1
(42
41
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. The decrease was primarily attributable to the purchase price
 net of cash acquired
 of $158.2 million paid for the Friendly's acquisition
 which closed in the second quarter of 2016
 as compared to the purchase price
 net of cash acquired
 of $21.6 million paid for the Uncle Matt's acquisition
 which closed in the second quarter of 2017. Additionally
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
. The increase was primarily attributable to the repayment of the $142 million senior notes in 2017
 partially offset by net debt proceeds from borrowings of $167.1 million in 2017 as compared to $49.1 million in 2016. Additionally
The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
257
408
(150
(288
(146
(141
(9
(215
205
(2
(1
(42
44
(87
Net cash provided by operating activities was $257.4 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of $408.2 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2015. Operating cash flows in 2015 benefited from a reduced working capital investment as collections of receivables in early 2015 were reflective of the higher Class I raw milk prices exiting 2014. Conversely
prices exiting 2015. Further contributing to the decrease in operating cash flows in 2016 compared to 2015 was a higher incentive-based compensation payout in the first quarter of 2016 compared to 2015. Additionally
Net cash used in investing activities increased by $141.9 million in the year ended December&#160;31
 2016 compared to the year ended December&#160;31
 2015. This increase is primarily attributable to the $158.2 million purchase price for the Friendly's acquisition
Net cash used in financing activities was $9.9 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2016 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $215.9 million for the year ended December&#160;31
 2015. This change was driven by net debt proceeds under our credit facilities of $49.1 million in 2016
 as compared to net repayments of debt under our credit facilities of $305.3 million in 2015. Additionally
 in 2015 we paid $16.8 million of financing costs in connection with our debt activities. Further contributing to the decrease in net cash used in financing activities was a decrease in share repurchases under our stock repurchase program to $25.0 million during 2016 from $53.0 million in the prior year period. Offsetting these uses of cash were net proceeds from the issuance of debt of $186.5 million in 2015
 which reflects proceeds of $700.0 million from the issuance of the 2023 Notes
 net of repayments on the early retirement of long-term debt of $513.5 million. Additionally
Our debt obligations consist of outstanding borrowings and letters of credit issued under our senior secured credit facility and receivables securitization facility and our Dean Foods Company Senior Notes Due 2023
&#8212; We have a credit agreement (as amended
&#32;(the Credit Facility) with a maturity date of January 4
 2022. Under the Credit Agreement
 we have the right to request an increase of the aggregate commitments under the Credit Facility by up to 
 which we may request to be made available as either term loans or revolving loans
 without the consent of any lenders not participating in such increase
Loans outstanding under the Credit Facility bear interest
 at our option
February&#160;21
February&#160;21
We may make optional prepayments of the loans
 in whole or in part
 without premium or penalty (other than applicable breakage costs). Subject to certain exceptions and conditions described in the Credit Agreement
 we will be obligated to prepay the Credit Facility
 but without a corresponding commitment reduction
 with the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and with casualty insurance proceeds. The Credit Facility is guaranteed by our existing and future domestic material restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the Credit Agreement)
The Credit Facility is secured by a first priority perfected security interest in substantially all of our assets and the assets of the Guarantors
 whether consisting of personal
 tangible or intangible property
 including a pledge of
&#32;of the shares of capital stock of our and the Guarantors' first-tier foreign subsidiaries that are material restricted subsidiaries
 in each case subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the Credit Agreement. The collateral does not include
 among other things: (a)&#160;any of our real property; (b)&#160;the capital stock and any assets of any unrestricted subsidiary; (c)&#160;any capital stock of any direct or indirect subsidiary of Dean Holding Company (Legacy Dean)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
&#160;The Credit Agreement contains customary representations
 warranties and covenants
 including
 but not limited to specified restrictions on indebtedness
 liens
 guarantee obligations
 mergers
 acquisitions
 consolidations
 liquidations and dissolutions
 sales of assets
 leases
 payment of dividends and other restricted payments during a default or non-compliance with the financial covenants
 investments
 loans and advances
x (which
 for purposes of calculating indebtedness
x. In addition
February&#160;21
 2018
February&#160;21
December&#160;31
&#32;&#8212; We have an amended and restated receivables purchase agreement (as amended)
&#32;wholly-owned entities intended to be bankruptcy-remote. The entities then transfer the receivables to third-party asset-backed commercial paper conduits sponsored by major financial institutions. The assets and liabilities of these two entities are fully reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets
The receivables securitization facility has a liquidity termination date of January 4
 2020 and bears interest at a variable rate based upon commercial paper and one-month LIBO rates plus an applicable margin based on our net leverage ratio. The receivables purchase agreement contains covenants consistent with those contained in the Credit Agreement. Advances outstanding under the receivables securitization facility will bear interest between 
&#32;on undrawn amounts
Based on the monthly borrowing base formula
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
&#32;that were issued but undrawn
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
February&#160;21
&#32;that were issued but undrawn
February&#160;21
December&#160;31
 2017
x as of the end of each fiscal quarter. In addition
x. As described in more detail in our Credit Agreement and the purchase agreement governing our receivables securitization facility
 the total net leverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness
 less cash up to $50 million to the extent held by us and our restricted subsidiaries
 to consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on the measurement date. Consolidated funded indebtedness excludes borrowings under our receivables securitization facility and is calculated on a pro forma basis to give effect to permitted acquisitions
Consolidated EBITDA is comprised of net income for us and our restricted subsidiaries plus interest expense
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization expense and other non-cash expenses
 certain pro forma cost savings add-backs in connection with permitted acquisitions and dispositions
 and certain other add-backs for non-recurring charges and other adjustments permitted in calculating covenant compliance under the Credit Agreement
x as of the end of each fiscal quarter. As described in more detail in the Credit Agreement and the purchase agreement governing our receivables securitization facility
 our interest coverage ratio is calculated as the ratio of consolidated EBITDA to consolidated interest expense for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on the measurement date. Consolidated EBITDA is calculated as described above in the discussion of our leverage ratio. Consolidated interest expense is comprised of consolidated interest expense paid or payable in cash by us and our restricted subsidiaries
 as calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 but excluding write-offs or amortization of deferred financing fees and amounts paid on early termination of swap agreements
&#8212; On February 25
 2015
 we issued $700 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.50% senior notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes) at an issue price of 100% of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes in a private placement for resale to &#8220;qualified institutional buyers&#8221; as defined in Rule&#160;144A under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the Securities Act)
The 2023 Notes are our senior unsecured obligations. Accordingly
 the 2023 Notes rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior obligations and are effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of our existing and future secured obligations
 including obligations under our Credit Facility and receivables securitization facility
 to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such obligations. The 2023 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis
 jointly and severally
The 2023 Notes will mature on March&#160;15
We may
 at our option
 redeem all or a portion of the 2023 Notes at any time on or after March&#160;15
 2018 at the applicable redemption prices specified in the indenture governing the 2023 Notes (the Indenture)
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest to
 but excluding
&#32;of the aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes before March&#160;15
&#32;of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes
 plus accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 to
 but excluding
 the applicable redemption date. In addition
 prior to March&#160;15
 2018
 we may redeem all or a portion of the 2023 Notes
&#32;of the principal amount thereof
 plus a &#8220;make-whole&#8221; premium and accrued and unpaid interest
 if any
 to
 but excluding
If we undergo certain kinds of changes of control
&#32;of the principal amount of the notes being repurchased
 plus any accrued and unpaid interest to
 but excluding
The Indenture contains covenants that
 among other things
 limit our ability to: (i)&#160;create certain liens; (ii)&#160;enter into sale and lease-back transactions; (iii)&#160;assume
 incur or guarantee indebtedness for borrowed money that is secured by a lien on certain principal properties (or on any shares of capital stock of our subsidiaries that own such principal properties) without securing the 2023 Notes on a pari passu basis; and (iv)&#160;consolidate with or merge with or into
 or sell
 transfer
 convey or lease all or substantially all of our properties and assets
 taken as a whole
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;aggregate principal amount of senior notes
October&#160;15
. On October 16
 2017 we repaid in full the $142 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of the senior notes
 plus remaining accrued and unpaid interest of $4.9 million
In the normal course of business
 we enter into contracts and commitments that obligate us to make payments in the future. The table below summarizes our obligations for indebtedness
 purchase
December&#160;31
2
1
December&#160;31
Primarily represents commitments to purchase minimum quantities of raw materials used in our production processes
 including raw milk
 diesel fuel
Represents future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases related to our distribution fleet
Represents future payments
 including interest
Includes fixed rate interest obligations and interest on variable rate debt based on the outstanding balances and interest rates in effect at December&#160;31
&#32;related to our company-sponsored pension plans and postretirement healthcare plans
 respectively. In addition to our company-sponsored plans
 we participate in certain multiemployer defined benefit plans. The cost of these plans is equal to the annual required contributions determined in accordance with the provisions of negotiated collective bargaining arrangements. These costs were approximately 
&#32;during the years ended December&#160;31
 
 
 respectively; however
 the future cost of the multiemployer plans is dependent upon a number of factors
 including the funded status of the plans
 the ability of other participating companies to meet ongoing funding obligations
 and the level of our ongoing participation in these plans. Because the amount of future contributions we would be contractually obligated to make pursuant to these plans cannot be reasonably estimated
We offer pension benefits through various defined benefit pension plans and also offer certain health care and life insurance benefits to eligible employees and their eligible dependents upon the retirement of such employees. Reported costs of providing non-contributory defined pension benefits and other postretirement benefits are dependent upon numerous factors
 assumptions and estimates. For example
 these costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age
 compensation levels and employment periods)
 the level of contributions made to the plan and earnings on plan assets. Pension and postretirement costs also may be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions
 including anticipated rates of return on plan assets and the discount rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation and annual periodic pension costs. In 
 we made contributions of 
 respectively
Our pension plan assets are primarily comprised of equity and fixed income investments. Changes made to the provisions of the plan may impact current and future pension costs. Fluctuations in actual equity market returns
 as well as changes in general interest rates may result in increased or decreased pension costs in future periods. In accordance with Accounting Standards related to &#8220;Employers&#8217; Accounting for Pensions
&#8221; changes in obligations associated with these factors may not be immediately recognized as pension costs on the income statement
 but generally are recognized in future years over the remaining average service period of plan participants. As such
 significant portions of pension costs recorded in any period may not reflect the actual level of cash benefits provided to plan participants. In 
 we recorded non-cash pension expense of 
 respectively
&#32;of our defined benefit plan obligations are frozen as to future participation or increases in projected benefit obligation. Many of these obligations were acquired in prior strategic transactions. As an alternative to defined benefit plans
The weighted average discount rate reflects the rate at which our defined benefit plan obligations could be effectively settled. The rate
 which is updated annually with the assistance of an independent actuary
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Substantially all of our qualified pension plans are consolidated into one master trust. Our investment objectives are to minimize the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to our pension liabilities and to ensure assets are sufficient to pay plan benefits. In 2014
December&#160;31
 2017
December&#160;31
In 2001
 in connection with our acquisition of Legacy Dean
 we purchased Dairy Farmers of America&#8217;s (&#8220;DFA&#8221;) 33.8% interest in our operations. In connection with that transaction
 we issued a contingent
 subordinated promissory note to DFA in the original principal amount of $40 million. The promissory note has a 20-year term and bears interest based on the consumer price index. Interest will not be paid in cash but will be added to the principal amount of the note annually
 up to a maximum principal amount of $96 million. We may prepay the note in whole or in part at any time
 without penalty. The note will only become payable if we materially breach or terminate one of our related milk supply agreements with DFA without renewal or replacement. Otherwise
 the note will expire in 2021
 without any obligation to pay any portion of the principal or interest. Payments made under the note
 if any
 would be expensed as incurred. We have not terminated
 and we have not materially breached
 any of our milk supply agreements with DFA related to the promissory note. We have previously terminated unrelated supply agreements with respect to several plants that were supplied by DFA. In connection with our goals of cost control and supply chain efficiency
We also have the following commitments and contingent liabilities
 in addition to contingent liabilities related to ordinary course litigation
certain lease obligations
selected levels of property and casualty risks
 primarily related to employee health care
 workers&#8217; compensation claims and other casualty losses; and
 we intend to invest a total of approximately $135 million to $160 million in capital expenditures
 primarily in support of our enterprise-wide cost productivity plan and other strategic initiatives and for our existing manufacturing facilities. For 
On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate and consider acquisitions
 divestitures
 joint ventures
December&#160;31
 2017
&#32;was available under the receivables securitization facility
&#32;also available under the Credit Facility
 subject to compliance with the covenants in our credit agreements. Availability under the receivables securitization facility is calculated using the current receivables balance for the seller entities
 less adjustments for vendor concentration limits
 reserve requirements and other adjustments as described in our amended and restated receivables purchase agreement
February&#160;21
 2018
 approximately 
 subject to compliance with the covenants in our credit agreements
Competitive Environment
The fluid milk industry remains highly competitive
 and we are currently navigating a number of challenging dynamics across our cost structure
 volumes
 customers
 and product mix.  In 2017
 we navigated a rapidly-changing industry landscape and a dynamic retail environment. Within private label fluid milk
 competition for volume increased significantly in 2017
 and we are losing volume at higher levels than anticipated. As a result
 we are experiencing increased levels of volume deleverage that have negatively impacted our operating income. In addition
 retailers continue to aggressively price their private label products
 which we believe negatively impacts our branded product sales
December&#160;31
 2017
 we experienced fluid milk volume declines from year-ago levels
 driven predominantly by overall category softness and private label fluid milk volume losses during 2017 due to competitive pressures
We expect marketplace volume and mix challenges to continue in 2018
We have historically targeted annual cost productivity savings mainly to offset cost inflation and volume deleverage and in 2018 we are challenging ourselves to generate additional savings. In addition
 we have recently designed
 and in some cases are implementing
 an aggressive enterprise-wide cost productivity plan to significantly reset our cost structure with targeted cost savings incremental to our annual productivity savings. We currently have legacy processes and systems that are fragmented and decentralized in many areas
 which has created a cost structure that is disproportionately sensitive to small percentage declines in volume. We have organized our enterprise-wide cost productivity plan into three targeted work streams: rescaling our supply chain
 optimizing spend management and integrating our operating model.We believe this plan is necessary to support our business strategy and deliver more consistent earnings and cash flow over the long term. The plan will be phased over several years and will require significant one-time investments in 2018
 including investments in people
 infrastructure
 technology and systems
Due to the phased implementation and timing of our initiatives and investments
 we will not generate enough cost savings in 2018 to offset the planned investments
 cost inflation and volume pressures in 2018. In addition
 inflation
and competitive pricing pressures have negated
 and may continue to negate
 some of the impact of our cost saving efforts. We also must execute our plans within our projected time frames in order to meet our financial projections and to remain competitive in the marketplace. For further discussion of the risks relating to our cost productivity plan
 see &#8220;Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors - Business
We may not realize anticipated benefits from our enterprise-wide cost productivity plan
 and we may not complete this plan within our projected time frames
 either of which could materially adversely impact our business
 financial condition

<font style=font-family:Calibri

begin 644 a10kq12016shellv2image1a01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ W #<  #_VP!#  (! 0$! 0(! 0$ @( @0# @(
M @4$! 

MVP!# 0( @( @4# P4*!P8'@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*
M@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@K_P  1 $. 0X# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4





















MH_NU^NG[$/\ P4B_9O\ VZ?#AF^'&O-IWB*UA5]5\):L0EW;9R-R'[LZ9'WT

M;X(H41KNVX# -\P8DG@CO7V1?\ @'1+V8SQQ&(GD(=@/J%[=3QTS@]JY?X


M.?B_6E3.R6\FM=.B/N
&5L?\!%?B717ZIEWA3PM@8)24I_-17W12?XL^7K^(

?QVVXINE?\
M!T[XR65?[;_8^TQTS\WV3Q;(I_#= :_)@\]:*]O_ % X2M;ZM_Y-/_Y(\_\

#%Q;BY2NV^


SRW#
M81/XY.3](JWYR_ Q****]<_GX**** MKX=_$;QS\)?&=A\0?AQXGO='UC3I
MO




M%Y
BJ1[^7#
/Q-?N77YJ?\&QWPC_ .$5_9&\7?%VYM=LWB[Q@8(92/OV]G$$

T;K6=Y/YO3\+!


5^S7_!R3\5?^$=_
F.W7K7])6F2&73X96)):)223UX'I7\V/[!MA/??M*: D)EQ
M]LC$GDR[%
B\GYE!' XR

M!/QOU_X;W

M7&NZ9IC0P7L*R%LD@EA\Q)SR21Z \]^M?H7A;F
Z.9U

MQK9=3Q:7O0=ODSXK\




M%?ML



MPP6&C@\'3H1VA%1^Y6BBBN4Z0HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MI'.%H _$S_@XR^*__7?MB:!\

MV_\ !27XJ-\9_P!NOXG^.8;CS;9O%=Q96+YX






#^
M=?;O_!?OP)::+^VKI7Q8TZT$4/Q'^'NDZ^Y48#3;&MW_ !QA/\ OOAN7 A

M.-Y;?)H^BV.CV

\L\C')9V)+'\22:BI![TM?2G



M_=Q=Y/R/JKX




MXU1K



M444 %?E;_P '+OQ4
.A?#/X(VUR1]HO+S7+R(-V11!$3_P!_)L?2OU2K\&?^




MG_P3

M8V


%0?C7XA_:3^



M\M&/\U3^:W\L-^SE9=S'-L6L;BO[+HO2UZLOY8?RW_FGLNRNR[_P5=_:(\)?

KCW\@5^17[






(3J248J[9BY

%F7#$G<X)7 &T@@]<$ \[E_5[]EW]A;X8_LZ6$:Z5H5J


M)\



_]D;XM?MX?'&X_


G]F:*N7DN6)^[YVT-GM&BG^
BO

O'^DRI\-?!]W'-XAG8;5U.X'SQV'ONP#)C[L9Q
MP76OM7_@X/\ ^A^E?CX;1_L_!+4HH-4UJPC'C)K$A1INE[1Y=D-I^5IEQ
MD=HAC_EH*]'B['U\XQL.'


M4U_-+:_Z+YOH?G/_ 
%2OVU+[]NC]KS7_BI8W4G_  C6GG^R_!]J_'EV$)($

MGU[B;%5$]%+E7I'W?T/Z0X2PGU+AS#4VM7'F?K+WOUBBBOF3Z,**** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /E/_ (+-_#CXL_%S]AK5_A[\(-+^V7VH
M:Y8_@!(+6B2%VQ_P-8NO&
G&#FOZ0'CCE4I(@8$<AAD&L_3O7AC29GN-.TT@DD;<[QP*3@CT

XXRM5DK14;+:R;?ZL_(+]GC_@A!XVU&]BO_


MBOQE&5C';=%:(P8^H



MNQ[*H+'L#7Y&_M\_\'!OQ&^
^IS? /\ X)Z^']2L+?4IOL0\7-9
VJ:@S':%



M'Q9[F#B\-AGO-_')?W5_E_X%T/CK_@F'_P $%=1;6[7]IK_@H/:/J&JSSB_T
$?A[XDM-#S:

LYQJQ.(E=KX8V]V*[)?YZOJ
M?697D6791@WA\/&U_B?VI/NW_270_);X[?\ !O%^TW\=O%3^(_$W[8/AQE.2

\O(W;=
MTF-V
%O@]K/CO6(+2ZD@?6I[=O)M+&22)TD
M%KO\R29496?;$NX*6!^=_A#X^\2?#73_ !/\?_@G]EMM*^'=EHMSXBFT;PAJ
M/AZSU2XN)T6]T6ZL+R=Q/*MK-%<0W2(C!WC!9U8@_<X7B;C#%8-5OK23=K+V
M<;:M))NVEVUWW];?&8GAKA3#8KV7U9M*]WSROHKMI7ULD_N]+_HA\!_A9I_P
M.^GA+X-Z5

M[]6?IM.$*5-0BK)*R]$%%%%06%%%% !1110 4444 %%%!XH ** 0:* BBDS
M[4 +10#10 4444 !Z&OST_X*R_LS?\ !6?QI:W_ (P_9#_:=U34?#+([W/@
SMTM;2!(HHUQQQJ%5%'0 #H!3Z*
M*^//K HHHH **** BBB@#QG]K3]E%?VA;.#7/_B2'1O$=MHU]H\D]Y;/-9
MZII-ZJK=:==I&Z2&)RD;AXW5XWC5E/WE;AM+_8E^(/Q ^(EOXH^-5WX5T;0H


(0#
MZF0H/QKTFOA;_@X?^+9^'/\ P3EU?PG:W7EW/C/Q#I^DQ[3@F-9?M4OYK;[3

MUU\3LGKCQYJ'7_O]1_PV[^VA_P!'=_$__P +W4/_ (]7F'X5W/[-7P$\6_M0



_!'B6QU?2=1@6:PU+
M3KE9H)XST9'4D



T3ADD1AD
I

MO)]6BBBOF3Z,**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




A@
J*_FJU/3;_

4IQ\M;27






/*2[MJ/X6D?U



UJ F2T


%0?^#@OQ=%XKU+X%_L
M)ZM;VEC82-;ZI\0@B3274@)#+9*P*+&

J35Y?-75OOO
MW2
\W\1LKR_$.CAX.JUNT[1^3L[_ '6\S^L0

MX3_X*)_ =_'



NX@J^P47I:]GK?O9];=K(^EZ
M***^*/L2'4;ZWTRPGU&[D16\+22NQP%50223]!7\HG[1GQ.N/C5^T!XW^+U
MU
7?Q-XKU#4PS'/RS7#R*/H%('X5_2?_ 




MN.-[11
R(/=FJ!W+OY2_$OB#4?%GB/4/%6L3&2[U.^EN[N1CDO+(Y=S^+
M37[!X38.3Q&)Q36B2BO5N[^ZR^\_)_%+%Q5##X9;MN3^2LOS?W%*OW%_X-@?



QY

RO)



V#LCR

M8O[0N78X;:8R0J1A$49Z+GJ37O?_ !%



[
MN#37NYY-TMQITJ




-]:9\J\MI$$D4Z \@

MPCWP'\:ZMXHD$HCEN=*\(ZC);0D_\])_(\N

!7X:?\%Q/BK:_%;_@I?\


M$HL-W0
;&T





MF7\1;#]FBQCM?%'Q?\=P^&Y?$-U

GR).4JD='JO=O+5=4FHZ'P/A_EBS'-JG,VHQA+5;^][NCZ:-
MGRA\.O\ @UZ_9WL/#T<?Q4_:'\7:KJI3]_+HMI;6=NC8Y)(LK$ ]RW/H*^#

MQNPWRC;S_1K@#H*_*;_@Z4\?Z9:_CX4_X

M(O\ P.OSESQDU^HG_!KS\+)]6_:&^(WQFE@)AT/PE#I





MYQ7]





/OV[2%X''J&B9&'L:\



]#UNW/B72M-@L?&.C^8!-9WJ($9RG41R

MQDDT^;_@'X'_ /$-7_P40_Z#OPW_ /EN?\ Y$H_XAJ_^B'_0=^&_\ X4MS
M_P#(E?O@3BO-_P!HS]KC]GO]E#PJ?%?QT^)6GZ

M8G  48YY('-94?$CBS$553I1C*3V2@VW\KFE7P]X6H4W4J.48K=N=E^1\P_\



HR#@D9!

 G'5F9

S!^[&SG;2[M:

BI87 +WI74;ZV6[




MX;0T44Y6]79?DRQI.EW^NZI;:)I5N9;J\N$@MHE'+R.P55_$DOZP_@C\-[





M^



M&



[' 557





?-

M;MJERMWWWTV/6?VH?#.O^

*

M'.



M[5?_  1
_9O^(O[&$_[





TNYB^ W@J:/5=1ME@U;Q'JMV;B^O8PP








XQ70L)BY4'75.7(OM6?+]^QSO%X6-=4


2:4^

MK:OAL3A9\E:#B^TDT_Q
J&(P^)AS49J2[II_D%%%%8&P4444 %%%% !1110

W%S:S72Q-&@W



QJXVHKJC3G)).S;MRI)V=OBWZ'R_%

$HM
_X)2_M!_M 7/B_]E']C+Q7





MH)_]NJ_2RWN?^*_QT?X2_##Q#\4?$(8V/AW1;K4KM5ZM'#$TA ]R%Q^-=!



M9X7\)RWTB6-G#$%9AM1@WEH9!&D88#Y'9@Q8&N7_ &UOV7/A;^PE_P %;?V=
M9_V*=
D\.7OBW7;/^U_#FGW;M#%$U_%;R8#
66*:%YE92=N(R1BO)[;]IK]N

J
M

M'9I0I8E1_VN

.!1117XP?KP$@=:_)KQ#X




M_LI_#?Q)\27D?7[_ 



=S-D

MIM;6WLK=+.UA6.*) D4:# 50





M?-U13VKT3X
?L1_M@_\ !5?7?#WQ@_X*%?M':/?_  ^T&_6ZLO /@^UD@BNY

M;26I^3XV6&S3







M).@S7Z2@8&*^ ?\ @C9^QWX]T_Q?XM_X*/?'GQ?HVH^
?BO;-]FL?#MHT-K8

IVB^%XU%E$)SA&+DV_=BHW5])-*Z3:M?4****^:/H@HHHH **** /_]D!
end







begin 644 a2017piechart1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X1#R17AI9@  34T *@    @ ! $[  (

    /@

M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M


MD@      S8T  #J'  '   (#   )H     '.H    (
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M
M                       R
#$X.C R.C$R(#$V.C
U.C V #(P
3@Z
#(Z
M
3(@
38Z
S4Z




M+6)A
V0M
3%D82UA9#
Q+60S
V0W-3$X

Z9&
](FAT=' Z


#$X+3 R+3$R5#$V.C
U.C V+C8T
M

61A+6%D
M
S$M9#


M+V5L96UE;G1S+S$N



3DY.2\P
B\R



M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @

O*C(G*BLJ_]L 0P$' @*0H4
MPL4*AP8'HJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ
M*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ*BHJ_\  $0@& 0/$ P$B  (1 0
1 ?_$ !\   $% 0$! 0$!
M           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40  (! P
! ,%!00$   !?0$ P $
XN;KP\3%QL?(R<K2T]35UM?8

! 0$! 0$! 0$        !
M @

1 #\ ^D:*** BBB@ HHHH **** 





M^W=!(@^502?F8#@=Z](^+^IW?QL\0:#9?#W2-0U*RLUF U VKQPNTA7/S
 %
?_ $FEK[:H \<\6:9K/PF_9ZMSX:UV:RO-BC$

!%&RQ!8]HR26RQSC(X/;IOV@_^2$^(?\ MV_]*8JYO]E3_DEFI?\ 8:E_

@B:XXRK.J@!!PY.!R 


M@

M^?1-(M;W[-9VEK#&[R80

0K11@'\T;\J



B2?MD6IC96 UO2U




MKD+=78FGL'A/SJT.U9IP5R-X!4]1GT) !GWU[XH6PT^\&^(4\1Z3=:G:I?


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !5#6=-GU6Q^SVNKWVDMNRT]B(O
&O
YUC0Y+@DW,&DZ@]M%<9[,%Y SSA2!7H=% 'G5Y\






6'ECO@[FR#VZBB@#GQX/MKBXMY=;O[S6Q9W(NK2
M._$16VD&0K*$C7)7)P6W$9ZYKH*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




M8J_BJU)'79%(P_

EY=-N OZ(:;_PT'\

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

ZH


W@_2[PV%A=S:]J7(6QT6$W



-^

MK51S=Z%.8Y0/4PORQ]EXKTRB@#B-!^+WA#7;S[!)?2:/J0.&T_5XC:S*?3#?
M*3[ DUVX((!'(/0UE:]X6T+Q1:?9O$.DVFHQ 87SX@S)_NMU4^X(KAS\*M5\
M


M:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB



ZE$,S2JAFD/(103\S<'@<U9H **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **K:CJ-GI&G37^
MIW




M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444




Q65P





MA6ES;7$^FNS6TQ
+GY=W((Q@@G.?3H)]

!8GCN

@CV(KF/%_Q



"O
M8BM[Q%K'B#2]1\(?#WPKK-K97-]8YDUVYA$I*0J!^[C8E6=L$X)/!Z]Q<E9\
MO6_^?RZ$)W7-TM_E\^IU'@_XCZ5XPU\TV&RU/2=5LU#RZ=JUKY$XC.






^@)/YF

/#C;_ &9 O!SR$ /Z

 ?#VGZ9!<:CH_C76?%5M=*$62_P!56]B0J3G85  /8\]JV-4T/PMXBU/R
M-:TS1]5OK6(-Y=W;Q32PQL3@X8$JI(..QP:\V\,:?I6B_M*:EI_@J.*VTUM&
M$FJVMH?W$=R),*-H^56 (^7C&6XY-*^SWO^K_X 2UO+T_1?\$X;2I-'-CHO



&'J,X/%=90 4444 8?C769?#W@37-7MBJSV5A--6&

XSC.!]

M&U\.Z79^(K[7;:U
MV:E?QQQ7,_F,?,5!A1M)VC'L!6G11UN!F^(/#VE^*=$FTC7K7[58SE3)%YC)
MNVL&'*D'J!WK1V+LV8RN,8/I2T4=+ <_P #OAO)JW]HMX6MO/\ -\[:)I1%




5^+=MT3EFC=
]0'
M0AL'N

&.[).XY ^9LM@ 9QQ6CH
MWAK2?#]QJ


MT91+NW9BR.C=P0Q'!X(JO_PSY\


ML
8QT50 /T%6**._G_7^?WAV\OZ_R^XY7Q7\


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444



]SHVN6


Z^9JD]WC_KA6S_P/5Z/0 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


D9/

$?HB\#CJ1WP* +?@'P)%X/L
MI[F]N6U+7]2;S=3U*3EIG_NKZ(.@%==110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444




MG!(/?\#75UY[X]\(:C'JT7C?P*JIXDL4VSVW1-4@'6%_]KCY6]@/0@ BUS_3



3D'






\&:A\6?B!X$&L6GBJST?R/.2W;^SXII-0=7;_ %F1

2^$
M?''_  B?C[Q_!_PB_B36O/UMG\S1M/\ M1X!&&.X8/M79_$/2M2^)GP<D71


M2L(XY;F#RV'EJXRIW$;3GV)KB_!_Q)\.^*-4L] UO1Y- \2V(#0Z7J5MM:-@

MBBD
**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M2




MJTRG!D93_ .1S[CJ6Q[0JJBA4 55&  

MXN5']Y


$5L/









M:]=HI)6BX^OXNX2U_#\#SSX(:9?Z3\);&SU6RN+*Z6:X+07
31N 96(RK 'D


M;?I^&H[[WZMO[[_YG@_Q$\3^*OB+\-KO2M&^'^NV+!8I+]M1MC&00ZD);H
M
M

6I:NU
MQ;SZ9I331LF
9W$@'\



#S^G2MBB@#














M'/8FNF^.B/;_  T?6K;B[T2]MK^W8#HRRA?RPQHNK)OO9_AK^/X#LV^5;VT_

0O;M(2X'7&XC.



MA\LI ^3YN]L=.O'7K5:*6OE^._W=0W6GG^&WW]#VR_U_3-


^)?&6I65EXDUR-5TS2;FY1)K.
MR+9CC6

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



MZ# [4 ;]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
+-27E_\ EGIT)ZS2'L<=!^.#\H;?\ ^!-.\ ^'A863-<
7<IZNQYXY.!GCW))-+X;_  ^3P7IT]UJ5S_:7B/4V\[4]1?DR

M:7 )M;U^4[8=(TY?


X SDFM6/






MZXH [VBO

=SX?-Q
D:K)
;ZX4R




/QL.I2


\=1Q;^'-O%:_ [XDPVUA/IL76H^59W
M((E@3[,NU'!)(8# .23FO?:*FWN./=6_+7U*YO?4NSO_ ,#T/+=$_P355_[


M96/


#TKI=2T^WU;2[K3KZ
26UWT,J'^)6&/R-8?P^T+5/#'@BQT/6[




MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBN&^+/B2\T7PBNFZ'DZYKTZZ;IR@X*O)PTGL%7)SV.* 

MR-U9S[LQ)_&MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****









MBG0[HVSV^8 'V)KB?@$MWJ.C^(/$NNR*^NZGJ;17H P8O)4(L9'8C+''H10!
MZU1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7E^DC_ (3;X[:AJ[?O-+\(0G3[3CY6O)!F



%E:RW-Y/';V\*%Y



)




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \R^('_%5_$OPIX*3Y[:0ZWJ:CIY4
M1Q$I]0SD@CZ5Z;7F7PL'_0^*_&/C9_F2^O_ .S[%C_S[VXV[E]F;GZK7IM
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5Y+\8M$T_Q'XX^'VD:S;_:;&ZOKE)HM[)N'E ]
M5((Y Z&O6J\E^

M?F-;/T?Y'3:!\*O!G@N[N-3\
Z-]BO&MWA
GVJ:3*'!(P[D=AVK@?AUXO_X0


MK$\6WVCQ_%3P+!J&A\UZ-S]COC=

M






M1_PC
O!_ZXM4-V4I=K?K_D5&*;C'NW^G^8R_^-=T-*;Q%H7@K4M3\)P%?M.K
MM
D# 9 =HX&&Z15S][Y1D




_%@^(UII@_M**&ZTRYUA4
#)M D +_(&W #GG@X]VU^




1)/E+;Q A7&W:5 5ASZ8

M*_ K:O\ $;7[6X\2709KZ?4-0\JZM71V(2%-P
:KG(5!@]




-D49 YY4
0H
M[G!ZGL_@SKNIZI\


-Q


D



MG;1B.&&

M7N.#U6+&5..S(1[U+;_ FSU6[2]^(WB35?%MRK%A%-*8+9
]EC4Y7GT8#VH
M;\$M=TV.Z\2^#-+U&^M-'OWFTZ60.C6LIW!5(X.UB02.
L*]9KR36]$TSX



?=XQ@X'2NRL_%-QHNA:6?B&+



*^+7NQ)K3VF




GQ:5_9<=C;)I_E&'[(L*B+RR,%-F,;<<8QBK5% %4:7I
MXTG^RQ8VPT_RO)^R%?*\O&-FS&-N.
8Q44NA:1/:6EK/I5E);V+(]I]NA2
MW9!A2BD84@=
8J_10!5_LO3SJPU0V-M_: B\D7?DKYHCSG9OQG;GG&

TC3=%M3:Z/I]KI]N7+F

ML]
LH[/3;6SM81B.WC$:(

M22.0


#W'&&*W?B+XTU2[UJ/P!\/F#^)+U-UW=




M0R';%I.G#S)-WHY (3ITY;'.
5S7VCXB_%@_Z$)O GA63_ENX_XF%VG8J/\
74+#*ZIK!%O;]<$@9&\?
M1@?:@_OQEXO!/Q*\=W)MG!#:5H0\B$C.0&<@;Q[





I5@


MM3./-%Q[E1?+)






JK#]GDN]&O/L[SQY!N<'(!';'OG PHZ<OI;\%K^ ?S+N[_ (W,
M#P7(DOQF^*!B=7 %BI*G.(7!'U!XH_9VTJRL?A#9WMK;HESJ$TTES*!\TA6






ERXS\[C:?FY/3'4GJ23LVO@'08/!





M:*[LQ4R$98 CY1[UZEX7\-6GA+PK9Z!IDUP]M9QF.*2=E:3!).20 



M[O\ 7EUZZW*?Q.VW_#_I8****0!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1


JMX?\ :?)XL\0'*^5:'_1[<]-TL


=O!$H2.*) JHH






H ?8



M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!B^
]3_L7

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


M $UP7@/PIJOBSQ&GQ%^(

MZI-XZ\?%;CQ5J*8CBQ^[TR ](8QV.#@GKU&3EBWI-%% !167XA\3:-X4TIM2
M\1:C!86JG&^5N6/HJCEC[ $UYD?%?COXJ_N? 5H_A;PY)P^O:A'_ *1.O0^1



MCVKT?2=%TO0;


M^J:8Z[EO+.6 CUWH5_K0!9T^]CU'3+6^@_U5SDR?[K $?SJQ7$_!O43JGP

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \W^+W^E77@?2QS]J\3VLCCUCC
M#

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


J0PQ*7DDD8*J*.223P /6O+=





MA6EI*

M?DXI\?P3NO$


M 4444 %%%% !113998X(FEF=8XT&6=S@*/4F@!U%8=SXW\*6;E;OQ/HT# X(

ML@Y\JWL)RV/7E /UJ-/CEIMPVW3_  =XSON2
VVC[L_FXH F^!W^C^!K[2O^


2?M/')SY7A

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %!( ))P!U)HKQ3XA
M^


%A!%&$M
M+&!09'51@+'&.W&





MW#^(


S?3Y
M



?ZZ

82%%C0=%48%.H

MDT %%%% !3)IHK:WDGN)$BAB4O)([!510
DDGH .]/KS3X_74\'PGN8()&B2

M)DMW('S 




N& )QZCBLSP=XQ_X2RY\00_8?LG]C:K+IV?.W^=LQ\_W1MSGI

:2;#^V=6UC


@?+NP/EXX'N:=FM_/\ !V)O
MM;KJ4I/&/E_%*'P=]ASYNE'4?MGG=


MWZNWJ+I?T_&_^5SZ#HKPOPGX\O-7^%OCZTM/$%SJXT&VD_L[6BK0SR1-$Q0L

MDY+?3EVW]$_OO85]/FU]UCTZBOFSQ=XAT'1(]0FC^-7B.[\66B^8D5NS?899



\!3['CG)V\[_@[[^5OQU/H.BO$? _CS7=7^'WC2S\-:I
M-XEO=4C2-1D@/G7

I)AMD^52N,,SG )R.#53Q#\4=.T/6Y])L]\0Z
M_=VNT7:Z+IK3K;%E#*'8D#)!R

UR\T?B6ZU
M$W.M6


WA64!SC)V
M,RJ6. QY. .< 5]/_M$Z'-9V6C^/M+@BEO-!N%CN4D0
K


 9KTJ'5_BR(([;1O /A_1+
M6





M$=9$5T8

M7.=J*%'Z5)10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110!YMI?_)RFO?]B_;_ /HTUZ37FEI=VMA^T#XEN[^XAMH(

W'OQU]:


!GRI%(96QD9




(?!L]KXVL;2TN-0CECFM+60R
M+%$X(

  C/.:V/#&B7=K\+]*T._W6
M=Y'I
=I-M8
V+E
M[/4-/G
UK6_!5GX271I_



M.#SQ1^'H_M7XL_$+7XSFW%U!ID1SP6ACQ)[=2*]


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH






\'
MCD\5Z[:6=M86D=K8V\5M;Q#;'#@1$'H .!7GW@+]_\ &#XE7G9KFP@'MY=N
M1_6O1Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KG_ !/X[\-^#)+*
UMHVEFE<X*HR

M[?UZ


L.@Z

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

M +&XJP^AW5Z/0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7*_$OPB/&_P]U31








M.T6)S_P- &_6@#IH9HKB%98)$EC895T8$'Z$4^O+KC]GOP0)UGT4:KH
R])-



RV;:WXHNK56


M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!POQJ



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




MA/\ &C/
?A7QG+_PTO_ .@?/M][T2@#V*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



FZWF*Y



M&% &7\(O&-WXE\









M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KR3PG_Q0?QUUSPFQV:7XE0ZOIB_PI.

M&!G#''946O6Z\R^..CW;^%;+Q9HJ;M6\*W2ZA#P3NB!'FJ?; #'V0^M 'H6J


M&2^(M43;J7B:[DU2?/\ KG]VH]@F/3=7H5 !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5-5T







(?BWJL-CK8\/^'(](O'20::UQ,M]' Y&7/[O<%
M.X\=.
9XJSJOC'Q?K?B_4=!^&]AH[+H^U;_4-9DD\HRL
B)%C^;(')/3J..





*ZR\MNR?N]
')Z9YWX=^//B!







M^'F)


TS3B




M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


VEWL9(W Q\(?^^0!GN5:O1:\CU'




M%%%% 'G_ 


M_$S7O&+M;?KP^UW;YV'7M55H+-/4HOWY/PQCTH ](O]0LM+LWN]3NX+.VC&
M7FN)5C1?JQ( K#_X6/X(_PAR\/_ /@T@_\ BJYO3_A!;ZA?)JOQ(U:X\6ZB


MG&]UEW!?QVX_&O9]*T72M!M6M=#TRSTVW=S(T5G;KC,0 6(4 9P ,^PJ]4N
M-[^:M^*_R*3LT^SO^?\ F>4^'OC9HMWI6F:-:6&HW'BG$=K/H:VDBR02+\KE
MW*[51

MNG^'/A=X3U/5]'^
&D7-KJD=[)):7TANC'?6S
2C)Y)QQT/'?KG(';:S'::5





T*Z@T#

\$Z=H@=99H(]UQ

=SMSSRQ./;%:




MK?BG_7WA+WOZ\K'G?BN67QYXJ/@;3V*Z39[)_$-RC8RIY2T4C^)\9;T7ZXKA

MT=%%:2ES2;
XKE204445)04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %










MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH *AN[2WO[*:TO84GM[B-HY8G&5=6&/0@U-10!Y?\/+R?P3X
MHNOAKK4S/#&&NO#]S(?]?:DDF'/=XSG\


M/RZ@T =71110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'E_QPTV[M=%TOQOHR














M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

O
M#T^C:Y!YMO

JRG#Q./NNA[

M&CZRW:E&. C$])1P#U]S@MZ;0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'D

M3-)J.@'=83O_ 
O5D3\C#K]W(&
\ @?PFO5:\P^

Q@ZWX98R



M6IQ-C[:XY^RQ


]Y


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#\8^#]+\;^'9=)UF

MR'A/QEJWAS7H?!'Q)D7^T'^72M9P1%JB#H?X91P#U/N06]
K%\5^$])\9Z


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** O(_AS

MH


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

8[W7
M/@M

M)

M\CD$9Z'!YH Z.BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
B[*]2KR/X



MCT]4A/YG_P!!LZ3X&UGQUJL'B/XJ*BPQ-YFG^&HVW06OHTW_ #TD]CP/_'1Z
MB %4!0  
 #M0!7T[3K/2--@L-
MH[6TMT10Q+M5%'8K-%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%



JT5S/@_P(&@^-H)/[(N6CO(.+G3[I?+N;<@X(=#SU



O

W.KWG
A..5C'_ S7
MM@=N,XQ74:3I&GZ%IL6GZ-90V5I
)# @51_B??J:N4 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44UW2*-I)&5$4%F9C
M@ #J2:BLKVUU*SBO-.N8;NVF7='/!('1QZAAP10!/1159=1LFU)].6\MS?)$
M)FM1*OFK&3@.4SD+GC/2@S1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!R/B_X:Z'
MXNN([^3S],UF#F#5M.D\FXC(Z?,/O#V/X8KFSXA\?_#WY?%NG_\ 7:&G_
6
MTN(+=0KZRP=&^J].I)KU*B@#%\

- \8Z?]M\-ZG!?1#&]4.'C/HR'YE/U%



DOL




8

IS0!Z/17G'_  K3Q/;C&G?%

CT5YQ_P
MF?Q




K#( 7.!DGDGC/./6/#/C31?%?A1?$6EW.VPVL93




MUHX^]R^?Z/\ R





M([Y+-_$
=W000/,11T_+D4_XA.OAWXC^?%$:A?/NVT6[8=7CF&4S[*ZY_&


?0;1GK7?5\^:=JVN_\([HOQ%/BW5&O]0UU;.317G!

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


=

MW$:2Q.






MSN

MI9+DD_NB\?7_ '6%4O\ A0W@2(8TZSO]/P


M)_XE_C3QI8C(.VWUIL8'0893D4?\*R\26^/[/^*'B)!Q]J6*?G\0,_2O1Z*
M /.X_!GQ(A8A/BH)(\ *)_#T#$?B'&:D_P$3^)/_13;?_PG(O\ XY7H%% %


71\QF\R9OO-\Q.

MFGQ^


2S$DDY
M))K0HIW8')6_PM\%VOB\^)[?0+=-7

M8.MPHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#*U;PMH&O _VWHFGZ
M@2
;KFU20C\2
BN/N/@7X*\YI]'M[_0;ENL^E7\L+?D25'Y5Z+10!YM_PKSQ






MI=EIZ8P5M;=8@?\ ODMBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHKB]?^+?@WPK?&T\1:C=Z=-N95






C:<JYAG4F10%PT42@'<) 7S_$
M-QQGC'E7[1FL73?%31-6M89]/FCTJ:V\T 2+MGF*N5_A.1G!YZ9P<@ 'T_X
MI\9:)X
L4O?$=Q/:VKDCSTLYID0Y ^9HT8)DL -V
]LX-8\'Q?\  5QX=DUQ
M/$ELNGI
T'F2QR1LTBJK%5C90[$!E/R@]:ROV@_^2$^(?^W;_P!*8JY+]E;3

MK^0KJ/V?/^2$^'O^WG_TIEH ])KYT^.7A(^+_BAJ
O:EX4NI<1WZ?:K16(


D6J.


M5?\ R2S3?^PU%_Z(GH [/0/$_@?PK\+--U+1+F9/T8:.XCLIY
8=][. A9
M?F5\LP SWY%3:)\6_!OB1;PZ!J-UJ/V*

M0Q!!! R1WK=J*T@@M;.*S14@C0+&J= O:I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K
MYP_:3M-4\97VAVOAKP_KVH-I;727



M]EXNL_$7C*U73[?3Y1-!:.ZO)+(.48A20H!YYYRO3O7TY10!\J_M$:'KWBWX
ME0W/AWPWKM];V=@MI)-'I5QL
BRRD[24PPPP^89![$U]/Z9J

*

^]G:



MA
*

WG7=E;X
R$H4?:O5MRDD8R

M5VWP1TW6= ^&=EH'B'1;G3+G3S)\\LD3).))9'^78Y(P& .X#KQGG'H=% !7
MCX\0Y_: /B(Z%XD&D#PY_9PNO[!N\&;[1YOW?+W8V]\=:]@HH \=^/OPPO/'
MEOH5WHL;-?6]VMK
0
A8)6 +D=2$(!ZC@M7HYDT[P/X6LK2&UO9+.SB2U@AL

PFE&C

#[70_%NBZQI^IZ?'Y237NGS1I/$N I\QEV[@,#!.
M3C/K7IU%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%1SW$-KTU
MU-'#$HRSR
%4?4FN


M?%]UGJEO?+;(WU55_K0!Z/4
UY;6[;;BXBB.
X=PO'KS7GO_  HOPI-_R$;G

O#$



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@







M)Q]FD8Q39]/+?#'\!745SGB/X?\ A3Q:K'Q!H5G=RL

M5YF?A[XN\+?/\/?&
TENOW=)\0 W
'^ZLH^=![#/UH'Q7U'PVPB^)GA2^T-


M] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45%=7=O8


MO#IEM&.W^W=9#06OU1/OR#Z8YZBK6C_*SDU&/6?'^I3^+M87E6O1BV@/I'
M/E ^N?7 KT155%HH55&  

OB;

 ;U1L/'[
A^9


M7R ?0CJ#['!%:% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !115/5M7T_0M+FU'6



:D5820





MDO!F\U:Z'SM_LH/X$_V1Z#T '94 ( %4!0  
 #M2T44 %%%% !1110 4444





TSP
MKH5OI&A6J6MG;KA$7J3W9CW8]236G0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7DOBC_ ).D\$?]@RZ_] EKUJO)?%'_
M =)X(_[!EU_Z!+0!ZU1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


MDL



M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5






M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %4M7TBQU[1[G2]7MDNK.ZC


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %?4-0M=*TVXO]


M2*B( JJHP% Z @!U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5Y+XH_P3I/!'_8
NO_0):]:KR7Q1

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *XWXE^


M^3I/!'_8




M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%0WEY;Z
M?8SWM[*L-O;QM++(W1$49)/T H \^^*FHW6K3:;\/M$G
5_XA8_;)4ZVUBO^
MM?V+8V#/7)%=[IFFVFCZ5:Z;IT*PVMI$L

:]%51@O/OA59S^(+_5?B/JL3
M1W&NMY6G0R#FWL4.$'L7(W'UP#WKTN@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KR7Q1_R=
M)X(_[!EU_P@2UZU7DOBC_DZ3P1_V#+K_P! EH ]:HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



C'3.
]*V/!7BFV\9^#=.UVTPHNH@9(P?
M]5(.'3\&!'ZT ;M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5YG\7+F;7;G1/A[ILK)/XAN-]\Z

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\O\


8]C7I= !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


M?\\)ON
WLKY/U(KT^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MS?XW74T_@ZR\
V3E+KQ+J4&G*5ZK&6W2-]


M

M*%\?=\W'E[NV-V


MO$ECJ


X^4' ]S@#U

M\^+-832]\013WLBEHX9(982^.RF15#'V'.
G'!K3USQ[X8\-:A+9:]J\5C



2X'8!P!0!Z91110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7F5]_Q4O[1NG6OWK7PKI;

ESI.F:B8;24L
M.#'M/##@C.

E^3]D_Q?!;LS:?!JTD=@Q.0
D?L



M3%6A;M%_D3_%*&&'XE?#B[L@B:J=5








M6^C;^]H\MUZUNI/@!X-\6VI:34?#
%GJ*GJTD855D4GTV\G_ ':V])NK?Q]\



DT5K?1^7(\#
M .!D'@D$=O0UPZ_ [3)8$M-3\7^
M3TT;5?3KS6UO*@Z(RJH.W@=.E96=W



M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &+XQUK_


MBD?3.[\*3=D-*[.NHKCM4UV+X9?#.WN=8GN]5N+2&*W7?(9)[VX;  W-DDEL
MGO@9]*S-(O\ XNW5]:7FJ:3X6M-

M#U(JIH/Q%

M

]3T'




M 
2KXC_$/0/NHNI1:I$/[WVF/+$?BN*])H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#S?XB#^TOB9\.M$ZH=0GU)Q

6


MPCMC*


XFB\263P\@$MEN*].9@B







M;M^%_P#
%:Z2T2O^-O\ (\5GMM
T33M5U*QCNM3\

KW4QDEU[5F8*&
MDDQRD;

M@LNG62ZD^HK9VXOGB$+70B7S6C!R$+XR5SSCI5FBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M!'_8
NO_ $6@#UJBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /./C-^XT_



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@#S?XF?\2WQQ\/-?' AUAM.9O07

MOX?8QRJ2?^^2U=]:7

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%




M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5Y1\&8R?%7Q)N

ME\%3'
OCJZ0'
WB^_P3_=^0C^9H ]-HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


YZN9G+@G_@)6N]JOIUE%IFEVMA;

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\G_9[?SO/B*


M##$GC:



M(W8\J2^5VX'.#R0*[+Q*0/VB_!62!G3KX#/?Y:I*[7JU]T;_ -??Y$R=D_E^
M=CK+[QUX:TSPG!XEU#5H;;2+F-9(+B564RAAD!4QN)(YV@9X/%
\)_$#POXX


7!
MVL 1R




MGC

8?#%^3_!(]K\*_%#P;XUOI++PUKD5W=1
MKO
+120N1ZJ)%4MCOC..]8?@[5-0NOC=X]L+F^N9K.T2R^SV\DS-'#NC);8I



METO^7_##@O?2?6WYG-?77]2\3?S1]8URX^U7]RDAEE\M4W$2
!PH ' '05


L

M6KVVE


UGX:U+PE?.





MZJBAZ[@M#AO!/PLLO EU&^E^)/$=W:Q1-''I][?*]LFXY)$:HH!SGGW-;]IX

MK:Q+%#$O1$48 _(58HI+160WJ[L**** BBB@#EOB7XC/A3X;ZSJL3$76YB
MML=3

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '&_%;PY/XD^'M['

M?P8
/PK:KS'P

MY]YG/]:WOB$VSX8^*&'\.CW9_P#(+UF_!^#[/\'?#8QFP1^O][+?UH [2BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


MJN/FCLXLI$/;H3[\&O2JK:=86VE:7:Z?81B*VM(5AA0?PHH  _(59H ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

MDD4


MVFWG_:91_6MGPGE_#;PTA_ATFU'/_7%: .@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M *\O\!*WC?XB:UX^N/FT^U+:3H8_A
:'][
/]YN ?3([5J?%C7+NU\/VWAS0


RF[@49_TB
$Y_W?A[Q%*]YHKGA8+C_ ):VWL#U4?0<DF@#U2BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** F

MYR?=_N@=^1W% #/AY&_C?QAJ7Q'OD;[&0VGZ!&X^Y;*Q#S8/0NP/N!D=*]/J
MMIVGVNDZ9;:?I\*P6MK$L

:]$11@#\A5F@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MKF?'_@^+QMX3FTWS?LU[&PN+['#6UPG*..1SP?8FNFHH X_P&OC&7Q;X;


J'(=2




M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

TOPG\;+X-U)V/


M: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
8_&:?%_P##ZWXS)XNL
MI/?Y2P_]FKTZ@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** O-_B-K]_K6JP_#OPA-LU748]^I7B\C3



LI_A!_N+G 'U.!G% &_H&A6'AK0+/1


M*** BBB@ HHHH \F^,C%O''PRMQ_%X@23'^ZR?XUZS7DWQ67S?BS\+HNW]H
MW$G/3Y1$:]9H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


26\@^]&Z]F'Z]1P:W*\T\6^#M6\.^(I/''PYB











MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB


%@EMXBC0


@MW8R77AJ[?_ $:?U
)/






MA=?L8OW]NO\ T\1#J/\ :'ZDXKT71-?TKQ)IB:AH.H07]H_26!]P!]#W!]CS


MK/@^9+'XL:(UBF=B:[IJ--92^A8#YHR?0_D!7HVFZI8:S81WNDWL%[:R#Y)K



M%24 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M!Y?_ 
+#\6^#AY?Q)\+/+:(.=;T'
\&/[SQ'YT'J?R%=SX=\6:#XLLOM?AS5





M32SR+'&@RSNV H]237:Q\9O.G7GV#2[F?Q%J9X6RT2$W3L?JOR]??/M0!W



\0Z-XJME_Y9:I:FUF


M20/P%


M

MS&L_$SP5X?5O[5\3Z;$Z\F))Q+(/^ )EOTKGU^!WAJ[8/XFU#7?$CYR3JFIR
M.?HA48'I73:/\/_  CH!5M'\-Z9:R+TE6V4R#_@9!;]: .7_P%QKJIV^O
M!_B'Q!G[EPMK]FMF_PVLF
?E2'_ (6_XD&#_8?@RV;J1_I]TG_M
UZ710!Y

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


#
M P8$! 

# P8# P8

# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

---[K6J:=I

;'QGX6N_LZ

M@[?0LP)]*^5=&^-[J!1HXE;YBI7;EF.1M_/G\ 3R*Z:/X 7WEMY\ 0Y^3Y
M^



P9OW5NTC$'








MSI]\!W8J=T3GVQ_6OT6_9O_ &MO@?\ \%&O#YN?#MU8:EJUG&'NM+U$6^J

U_X.^.--\2^&-5O-%US29A/:W=LY22)@
M?U!Z%3D$$@@@XK@Q65T:T7%Q7YK[C[K(_$K

M



MS+=1Z8H 'G0(S$11D#+*@YYQDDGDX?X9P&+S.$Q


KJ
E5U*]4
MZ;IF[^^J8\Z49[

?L$?C3=7N[V]U23P
M];WUU+=S---YER#<%69B3\IEVX[!0.@K^:?X$_#6?XR_&SPAX1ME8S^)]9M-
M+7';SIDCS]!NS^%?UA:7IL&BZ9;6=M&L5M:1+#$@X(H  _  5^0^+&+2IX?
M#+=MR?RLE^;/UCPMPK=2OB7LDHKYZO\ )$]%%%?BQ^QA1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!^5W_!S9\6!:^$/AAX&BE.;V

M#(L1
0BW'OY3E)

L%FL\

MRD5E5]3&2DE*+NF?

MP
5!^=?L77\[^)6,]MG+IIZ4XQC]_O/\ ,_?_  ZP?L<H51K6I)R_]M_0****
M^ /O HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I&<(I9B


M

M]E4_!OX!7'BF_M)8=3\2;2ADSGR@
@XZ9W

M/
WX'R[_P6'\*6OBS]A3Q5%=0B<0[)$79O^8'.<8/(QGD
M8SBOYL)T
%PZ' *








G]C?4_VL_V@]*M5MI&T2RE\









ML#

MX5[3^QQ_P2\^('[46O6C_P!FRZ7I#
K23W2
BE
]@.22

M\


M*7=K?T_S.$_X)H_\$R=#_9!\*PZK?Q+=^)+R
%RW*1$@C.TC[VUB
G/4\X.!




 =:_3L@X

MNBTZL^?/B+XTOOB!XTU/5M0N7NKB]N9)FD88)W
37Z]?L.^&H_\ @DG_ 

M?&'QCUJ&.S\?_$BV2XTN*50)5
B
FFPX/7&][EAUVL0?NU\5_P#!&?\ X)X3
M_MU_M
6]SK-G(WP\\%R1W^NRLI\N\;.8K('N96](U?H2N?2?\ @X*_;P@_

M'X(VG5MLHK6

[QG

M_

MRHB#)). !ZU-;'5)Z+0ZLC\-\MP+52M^\DN^WW&1X+\!:1\/=%AT_1[*&RM+



.J+&9NU=:PIK6,7WE_-+\%^7X.?\%<O^BGB3XY^*7\
M-Z=I^HV=A!ELFVEB9EW?(1D#' .=O!X&2


W[RXFC98+*$'
EQ
^/E1!R3U)P!EB ?ZI9;.&=]SPQ.Q[LH)HBM(H&+


B(@_B/-HVHW$KR26E[))(2S
T3%F)ZDG')K^N.6SAG;=)%&[=
L

X@@DN&CDF9Y9 K%(HX89I6(4
MDB/:H+
!6?#G'/U&


15F9/L6
MN7CKB#$9A*E2K4O9J%WI+FNW;R5K6V\^UCJX)RA@(U*M*KSN=EK'ELE?S=[
MW_#UBBBOS\^[BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH Y+XXZ/XUUWX::E;?#[6M#\/^*W3_ $*\U?3WOK1&]&1'0C/]


16UG96Z6]O;H.BHB *H]@*T:*Y


M$


M@'9__&:M:=_P6Y_:CTV0
OQ8U*4 YVS:982 _G!7MO\ P2H_X(C:!^WU^S9=
M^/O$_BWQ!X;+:S/IUC!800R)/#%'%F4EP3DR.ZX']ROHW7/^#6KP//ITBZ9\

M




#[CSMO_


\3'\T
M-?UIU_+A_P %$]5M]:_;W^

:EG=CV 4$GZ57BQ23


M3KFA7


\QI+EEW5K^C6S];^A_6]17Y;?\&^W_  4_USXW_:?@O\0=4GU;




[F$[6&A:4[Q9]I)S$C#W4L*_$C]J']H?QW^W%^T3J^J7^





MC_=\_'ZUZ]\ /^^_PSK\==:MM





9
(-
M!\G[8MCI?VB%#+DRJ'WC)V2+GC@G%<S\/O^#@']G_XG^/-$\-:._C:XU;Q!

8HK&VDE5L


TG]KEO9*W?1(_**?'^95LQ6&H\O)*=D


^)O^#G?X







:17?BG0;34+E$&%29XE
H ] ^['M7S7''

V4Z.)BE4A9W6S6VW1K]3T:BBBOS\^



M0=C6%_P=

.


MW]GKOA3XB:I\0/$5VTVKZEIVF6


MGGX!_P#0H_%__P %6G?_ =7Y+_\%(?VE?#G[7W[9WC/XB^$],U/2=\1O;/
M!;ZA%'%=!H[6&)VD6-W0%GC9N&/!'?BOOO\ XA6]3_Z+78?^$N__ 
E4?\0K


MQ3OHX+6S7\WF?%7_  1UUF\T/_@IC\(9;%G66;63;OM[Q20RI(#[;&:OZ-_C


M_PL/\ P59T;_@G5X$M+#3K6VU_XC^(H6DTK3)7(AM(@2OVJXVG=Y88$*H(

HK2S;W$Y-V


!D $]2
M3UK]T_\ @FO_ 
$A/A_^PGX


)O#91AXTZ
-
MY2_2



M_0+_ 



MU^R^(F-]ADM2*=G-QBOON_P3/R#P_P '[?.82:T@G)_=9?BT??%?BW_P=*^)
M-.N_C9\*-(B6/^U;#1+V[N6 &XPS3HL0/L&AF(^IK]I*_G
_X+M_&#_A;O\

G[ %%

G




Q_\$_\ X\2N%7X*?%K+

Q5VG@+_ ()_M*?$:YCBL?A!XLM?,.-^IQ)IJ+[DW#)BOF\+PGP
MQ@Y*M4G&5OYYIK[KI/YW/HL3Q3Q+C(NE
HW_D@[_?JU\K'SSKNNWOB?6KO4


M;:/;9PTKGH6/(1


N(O$7!86DZ.6OVE39-?#'S\_)+3N^AKP



=50MTO9N$EZ_\%-'
M](\?_!4/]G6731=CXT?#H1

[3K4*R_]^R=_Z5XY\=O^#@3]G/X/Z=/_ &1X

W;
TP2

N=6N!#:VT]S
QP$BC+L?P%





M/^TS'O7]


\;QQ2.QX
M55D=&+'@ 9[5_2=\4/C7X0^G@N7Q'XM\2Z)X=T.%/,-Y?W:0Q.,9 4D_.3V
MY)R





M?!CXN_M%_P#!1+QWK.C_  P^(^KZ%IIM](TVZM/#=[/;S100(K-&ZQE64RF4


M_1'OBG_X2E__ /&JV\+(4:5&OB:LDG)J*NTME=_FON
O$Z=:K5H8:E%M13D[
M)O=V7Y/[SZ7_ .#=[X0_\+*_X*.:5JTD1DMO!&CWNL
2
J'9!:Q_CNN-P_W:


'D:GRV

M32I%


MOX.@TJ]CO;NT8O;00N\(6+=ON;E@X(6/Z,U\SG6H8:JHT'\ONU[J^JL^
MU]FCZ3)L97Q%)RK+^M=.SMH[KO;=
****\4]@**** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBN8^



33E!O5*2:=OF883



39P?WJ(0X_V



M::+XO\




M08T(#A@
=.3GU


J=)JZ




^H

M_P $MM:T;29? 6H^&-2\
R6FB6ELUO/=:[=R0%89AC+O

69;76)6+Q$81Y8<D
M8PNU:Z;;;2[*RMIKJPK
\:^*K7P+X.U?7+YQ'9:-937UPQZ+'$A=C^2FM.LG


J2


M6K_9KJ^N(CA/)2!\R


M6\M6#Q?;[BYOX5(.03%/(\9/U4U]

4F_F[]+6/D\DR'$4)T:F*Y;THM+ENW)RM=R;
*\U-7,LF^
MT3:22B$NA*,1M%HB%!'Z]^#+[^T_!^DW/V!M*^T6<



end







begin 644 kurtlaufersvpccoaddin_image1.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BC-9/CF[UJQ\*WLOAZRLM0UE4_P!%
MANYS! S^K


M^]?.?Q:\0^-?CU\0KG4O$YN7U


=UD@!.
^6Y._Z;E/X\5]D^$/%VF^//#5EK
:_-9?V<M9U:Z%IINFWUW,P9OW5NTC$'
MMP/J?H#G';T;X<?L@_'FQTNSTC7=0\'Z2KF5('UEH%4MC)\N+=@GOD#G/%=





IE'XPI+7\

MXO=7/RS#YCBZ#O0JRB_*37Y


N


MS;-KQC\2?$?Q$OWN_$&OZWKMT_+3:A?2W4C?5G8FL6BBOJ8P45RQ5D?-2G*3




@/0$C]O?

@RDJ



P7+54D?T=X55Y5
FE3GJHS:7HTG^;9_
U_P5-_8W?\
M8K_:UUSP[:6[Q^'K\B^TAR2P:%QDKD_W6W+^%?.%?M__ 
')GP A\8? O0O&


]MG+IIZ4XQC]_O/\ 


4/_ )%=*J
;

MO_]@_ 7]D264'[6WPNM+64M]XB.*W89_&1J^#D1I'JI9F.  

M




MTK^A3_@G=^Q9IG['?P2L-/6VB77;R%7OY 
L&('R%OXL8QGC@  #OQXS$JG&


IP?*3/(8UYN7X7ZQ6M+X4G




$_P W^;/5?^#DBXLO



M%?S6?T6%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!7\Z_P#P64^+'_W/^C7Q'N8Y?


M@_;]TC]A+X.)=PP+KGC[Q
YT_P *:!&\VHW;$*KE%^;RD9E+8Y8E5'+OF!


MKN

NDV


[$Y))/4D]Z_9W_@UP^$7]F?![XG^.Y8L-K.KVVB0.1SMMH3
M^/8FZ3\5]J_%^OZ0_P#@B%\(_P#A4/\ P31^'$

M^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#YJ_X*
M^_%M?@[_ 

(;O5]/&B6PW89VNW6!@ON(WD;CLI/:OYUM)T.]UVZ6




M(#N QE20K



J-'\
M.
M[(KCM)
#Y

M^R(EKFXT[2IB=H$C1G
TNXX$



M751_EC^+Z^?/A



MU?\ PN\6OPN^&GAWPS8J%LO#NF6VF0 #'R0Q+&OZ**^5_V:?^A6I_$?Q%H

MW_#UBBBOS\^[BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M49-)^JV_4_.;]D7_ (-P?A5\&YK75?B1J5Y\2]9AP_V1E-EI
;=?]4K&27!_




%J96\1B:49N<






?P['7H5 _7ZOP[/\DK95C)82MK
M;5/HT]G^C[-
_:\BSJCFF$CBJ.E]&NS6Z_R\@HHHKQ3V HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _#7_@Y
MR^+G_5?M=^#O$4N^#PCX=^T2+G(CGNYF9A]?+A@/XBOS5KZ)_X*R_%S_A=
M?_!1?XM:RDOG6]MKLFDP

M%&KVFE1;1DAIYDC!_P#'J_JGAS#+!9/0ISTY8)OU:YG^+9_

S:M..O

 ?


Y;]EOXHW/P2_:2\!^+K65H9

 9)9Y%



L

TW=_P!V
M*_^_8_9%/\ @Z#^#QU$(W@+XDK:DX\WR[(O]=GGX_\ 'J^COV6/^Q?P#_:








M:_?JG]Q^S93F



M\?OV OVN_P#@JM\4;_XH:UX2.@:/J!8:!INNZG'9'3K'.8HD@)
B';@LSHI=



M^))KZX_X(1?'_A;?_!2_P #/)%YMIX52ZU^XXR$\F(K$WX3R0_CBOCVOUH_
MX-:_A#]J\8?%;Q[-$ +&TL]!M)
[C*[SS@?3R8/^^J_I3B_&?5


G



MT8CH\CA)&'4(B@\25^

ML

W3
M@^Q$6W_@0K]5?^#E']I:[^%'[(^@^!--N7MKOXDZD\=V4;#/8V@225..S2R6

U]=
MQ97RI86.'S:HX0F^G-K;H[)Z;
^4X5HYF\3*OE=-3G!=;:7ZJ[6NECZ(_P(
MGGX!_P#0H_%__P %6G?_ =7Y+_\%(?VE?#G[7W[9WC/XB^$]

W]WZF2=L!


/W2+


M'_#ME:W*XP?/$*F8GW

MH.&



M*5+*'3ZSE%?=[WZ?B?'U?U-_L&_#6;X/_L6?OPU=*4N])\+V$5RI&LQ@1I






M9?7/^#E#]G?2[-I+6U^(6I2@?+%#H\2$GTS)

MPE\+KX&@ND
;:WJ
5WN3(1U&#@U\,Q_\$_\ X\2N%7X*?%K+
M<<^$-0 _,Q5VG@+_ ()_M*?$:YCBL?A!XLM?
.-^IQ)IJ+[DW#)BOF\+PGP

M].\.Z8I#2:7H+?:[Z4=U

Q-55LQ7)3W:?Q2\O+S;U[(O_L_? OP]^S1\&?#O@3PM:_9-#\-6BVE




M#(RG@J02#P0:_&,JSBM@LPAF]Z2=W?K?XM?--ZG[!FF4TL9@)X#X8M65NE

ZL

.G64](H8D(OX*HK\'_^SO_
M  2O\=? K]H[Q5\0?#'A[4_$'P]\7WTNL?:M/MVN#H\\S&2:&=4!*()Q5R-
MI5E&=P(KP_#W


;+*:


-Y?W:0Q.
9 4D_.3V

Q





=K!E/(KE_




? ?]COX9^$6B\J?1/#EE%=+C'^D&

MWM[7ST
SO(\850(PW)(%?TQ*H50   . !T%='BGF=.HL/AJ4DUK)V=^R7ZF'




M9 QF/V-?=G[67A?5;VR\$^)=
TRZUV/P)XC36KW2K9/
N+VW:SNK1VB3_EI)





M $&OE7X+_P#!:O\ 9U^._P 3['PAHGC::#5]5F%M8'4=


%2-0
EB3P !SDUR



)RDB[TA96VL


Z2BBBN$[0HKYU_:I_PK'P._8X\




M\

SC!U
5@JF&I-)S5KOL]
M'WZ7/G;_ ()Z_ W]H/X8^

M2
.%\H2;CU)QZFOL:BBL

M /!0[6_#OQ7_ .T/P1^'7Q5N[.V^%VDZ$^M6]EJ4@CT[4]2D-T$$V[
T$
M*;6X.O20@_IA7DW[5'[#GPM_;4T6QLOB1X3L_$']EEC97/FR6UU:;L;@DT3
M*X4X&5SM) .

PV\:

:56C1P
KN[+H
MK:!7PS_P<-_%'7OAK_P3ON;?1)[FTA\5:_9Z)JL\&0T5D\<\L@)'17:&.,^H
MD*]Z^YJY_P*GPI\-_&_P#J7A;Q;HUCK_A_5X_*N[&[CWQ3#((/J&! (88*D





MO

LF^
MT3:22B$NA*


1A9

#
M P8$! 

# P8# P8

# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

---[K6J:=I

;'QGX6N_LZ

M@[?0LP)]*^5=&^-[J!1HXE;YBI7;EF.1M_/G\ 3R*Z:/X 7WEMY\ 0Y^3Y
M^



P9OW5NTC$'








MSI]\!W8J=T3GVQ_6OT6_9O_ &MO@?\ \%&O#YN?#MU8:EJUG&'NM+U$6^J

U_X.^.--\2^&-5O-%US29A/:W=LY22)@
M?U!Z%3D$$@@@XK@Q65T:T7%Q7YK[C[K(_$K

M



MS+=1Z8H 'G0(S$11D#+*@YYQDDGDX?X9P&+S.$Q


KJ
E5U*]4
MZ;IF[^^J8\Z49[

?L$?C3=7N[V]U23P
M];WUU+=S---YER#<%69B3\IEVX[!0.@K^:?X$_#6?XR_&SPAX1ME8S^)]9M-
M+7';SIDCS]!NS^%?UA:7IL&BZ9;6=M&L5M:1+#$@X(H  _  5^0^+&+2IX?
M#+=MR?RLE^;/UCPMPK=2OB7LDHKYZO\ )$]%%%?BQ^QA1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!^5W_!S9\6!:^$/AAX&BE.;V

M#(L1
0BW'OY3E)

L%FL\

MRD5E5]3&2DE*+NF?

MP
5!^=?L77\[^)6,]MG+IIZ4XQC]_O/\ ,_?_  ZP?L<H51K6I)R_]M_0****
M^ /O HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I&<(I9B


M

M]E4_!OX!7'BF_M)8=3\2;2ADSGR@
@XZ9W

M/
WX'R[_P6'\*6OBS]A3Q5%=0B<0[)$79O^8'.<8/(QGD
M8SBOYL)T
%PZ' *








G]C?4_VL_V@]*M5MI&T2RE\









ML#

MX5[3^QQ_P2\^('[46O6C_P!FRZ7I#
K23W2
BE
]@.22

M\


M*7=K?T_S.$_X)H_\$R=#_9!\*PZK?Q+=^)+R
%RW*1$@C.TC[VUB
G/4\X.!




 =:_3L@X

MNBTZL^?/B+XTOOB!XTU/5M0N7NKB]N9)FD88)W
37Z]?L.^&H_\ @DG_ 

M?&'QCUJ&.S\?_$BV2XTN*50)5
B
FFPX/7&][EAUVL0?NU\5_P#!&?\ X)X3
M_MU_M
6]SK-G(WP\\%R1W^NRLI\N\;.8K('N96](U?H2N?2?\ @X*_;P@_

M'X(VG5MLHK6

[QG

M_

MRHB#)). !ZU-;'5)Z+0ZLC\-\MP+52M^\DN^WW&1X+\!:1\/=%AT_1[*&RM+



.J+&9NU=:PIK6,7WE_-+\%^7X.?\%<O^BGB3XY^*7\
M-Z=I^HV=A!ELFVEB9EW?(1D#' .=O!X&2


W[RXFC98+*$'
EQ
^/E1!R3U)P!EB ?ZI9;.&=]SPQ.Q[LH)HBM(H&+


B(@_B/-HVHW$KR26E[))(2S
T3%F)ZDG')K^N.6SAG;=)%&[=
L

X@@DN&CDF9Y9 K%(HX89I6(4
MDB/:H+
!6?#G'/U&


15F9/L6
MN7CKB#$9A*E2K4O9J%WI+FNW;R5K6V\^UCJX)RA@(U*M*KSN=EK'ELE?S=[
MW_#UBBBOS\^[BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH Y+XXZ/XUUWX::E;?#[6M#\/^*W3_ $*\U?3WOK1&]&1'0C/]


16UG96Z6]O;H.BHB *H]@*T:*Y


M$


M@'9__&:M:=_P6Y_:CTV0
OQ8U*4 YVS:982 _G!7MO\ P2H_X(C:!^WU^S9=
M^/O$_BWQ!X;+:S/IUC!800R)/#%'%F4EP3DR.ZX']ROHW7/^#6KP//ITBZ9\

M




#[CSMO_


\3'\T
M-?UIU_+A_P %$]5M]:_;W^

:EG=CV 4$GZ57BQ23


M3KFA7


\QI+EEW5K^C6S];^A_6]17Y;?\&^W_  4_USXW_:?@O\0=4GU;




[F$[6&A:4[Q9]I)S$C#W4L*_$C]J']H?QW^W%^T3J^J7^





MC_=\_'ZUZ]\ /^^_PSK\==:MM





9
(-
M!\G[8MCI?VB%#+DRJ'WC)V2+GC@G%<S\/O^#@']G_XG^/-$\-:._C:XU;Q!

8HK&VDE5L


TG]KEO9*W?1(_**?'^95LQ6&H\O)*=D


^)O^#G?X







:17?BG0;34+E$&%29XE
H ] ^['M7S7''

V4Z.)BE4A9W6S6VW1K]3T:BBBOS\^



M0=C6%_P=

.


MW]GKOA3XB:I\0/$5VTVKZEIVF6


MGGX!_P#0H_%__P %6G?_ =7Y+_\%(?VE?#G[7W[9WC/XB^$],U/2=\1O;/
M!;ZA%'%=!H[6&)VD6-W0%GC9N&/!'?BOOO\ XA6]3_Z+78?^$N__ 
E4?\0K


MQ3OHX+6S7\WF?%7_  1UUF\T/_@IC\(9;%G66;63;OM[Q20RI(#[;&:OZ-_C


M_PL/\ P59T;_@G5X$M+#3K6VU_XC^(H6DTK3)7(AM(@2OVJXVG=Y88$*H(

HK2S;W$Y-V


!D $]2
M3UK]T_\ @FO_ 
$A/A_^PGX


)O#91AXTZ
-
MY2_2



M_0+_ 



MU^R^(F-]ADM2*=G-QBOON_P3/R#P_P '[?.82:T@G)_=9?BT??%?BW_P=*^)
M-.N_C9\*-(B6/^U;#1+V[N6 &XPS3HL0/L&AF(^IK]I*_G
_X+M_&#_A;O\

G[ %%

G




Q_\$_\ X\2N%7X*?%K+

Q5VG@+_ ()_M*?$:YCBL?A!XLM?,.-^IQ)IJ+[DW#)BOF\+PGP
MQ@Y*M4G&5OYYIK[KI/YW/HL3Q3Q+C(NE
HW_D@[_?JU\K'SSKNNWOB?6KO4


M;:/;9PTKGH6/(1


N(O$7!86DZ.6OVE39-?#'S\_)+3N^AKP



=50MTO9N$EZ_\%-'
M](\?_!4/]G6731=CXT?#H1

[3K4*R_]^R=_Z5XY\=O^#@3]G/X/Z=/_ &1X

W;
TP2

N=6N!#:VT]S
QP$BC+L?P%





M/^TS'O7]


\;QQ2.QX
M55D=&+'@ 9[5_2=\4/C7X0^G@N7Q'XM\2Z)X=T.%/,-Y?W:0Q.,9 4D_.3V
MY)R





M?!CXN_M%_P#!1+QWK.C_  P^(^KZ%IIM](TVZM/#=[/;S100(K-&ZQE64RF4


M_1'OBG_X2E__ /&JV\+(4:5&OB:LDG)J*NTME=_FON
O$Z=:K5H8:E%M13D[
M)O=V7Y/[SZ7_ .#=[X0_\+*_X*.:5JTD1DMO!&CWNL
2
J'9!:Q_CNN-P_W:


'D:GRV

M32I%


MOX.@TJ]CO;NT8O;00N\(6+=ON;E@X(6/Z,U\SG6H8:JHT'\ONU[J^JL^
MU]FCZ3)L97Q%)RK+^M=.SMH[KO;=
****\4]@**** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBN8^



33E!O5*2:=OF883



39P?WJ(0X_V



M::+XO\




M08T(#A@
=.3GU


J=)JZ




^H

M_P $MM:T;29? 6H^&-2\
R6FB6ELUO/=:[=R0%89AC+O

69;76)6+Q$81Y8<D
M8PNU:Z;;;2[*RMIKJPK
\:^*K7P+X.U?7+YQ'9:-937UPQZ+'$A=C^2FM.LG


J2


M6K_9KJ^N(CA/)2!\R


M6\M6#Q?;[BYOX5(.03%/(\9/U4U]

4F_F[]+6/D\DR'$4)T:F*Y;THM+ENW)RM=R;
*\U-7,LF^
MT3:22B$NA*,1M%HB%!'Z]^#+[^T_!^DW/V!M*^T6<



end







begin 644 offerletterjosemottas_image1.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BC-9/CF[UJQ\*WLOAZRLM0UE4_P!%
MANYS! S^K


M^]?.?Q:\0^-?CU\0KG4O$YN7U


=UD@!.
^6Y._Z;E/X\5]D^$/%VF^//#5EK
:_-9?V<M9U:Z%IINFWUW,P9OW5NTC$'
MMP/J?H#G';T;X<?L@_'FQTNSTC7=0\'Z2KF5('UEH%4MC)\N+=@GOD#G/%=





IE'XPI+7\

MXO=7/RS#YCBZ#O0JRB_*37Y


N


MS;-KQC\2?$?Q$OWN_$&OZWKMT_+3:A?2W4C?5G8FL6BBOJ8P45RQ5D?-2G*3




@/0$C]O?

@RDJ



P7+54D?T=X55Y5
FE3GJHS:7HTG^;9_
U_P5-_8W?\
M8K_:UUSP[:6[Q^'K\B^TAR2P:%QDKD_W6W+^%?.%?M__ 
')GP A\8? O0O&


]MG+IIZ4XQC]_O/\ 


4/_ )%=*J
;

MO_]@_ 7]D264'[6WPNM+64M]XB.*W89_&1J^#D1I'JI9F.  

M




MTK^A3_@G=^Q9IG['?P2L-/6VB77;R%7OY 
L&('R%OXL8QGC@  #OQXS$JG&


IP?*3/(8UYN7X7ZQ6M+X4G




$_P W^;/5?^#DBXLO



M%?S6?T6%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!7\Z_P#P64^+'_W/^C7Q'N8Y?


M@_;]TC]A+X.)=PP+KGC[Q
YT_P *:!&\VHW;$*KE%^;RD9E+8Y8E5'+OF!


MKN

NDV


[$Y))/4D]Z_9W_@UP^$7]F?![XG^.Y8L-K.KVVB0.1SMMH3
M^/8FZ3\5]J_%^OZ0_P#@B%\(_P#A4/\ P31^'$

M^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#YJ_X*
M^_%M?@[_ 

(;O5]/&B6PW89VNW6!@ON(WD;CLI/:OYUM)T.]UVZ6




M(#N QE20K



J-'\
M.
M[(KCM)
#Y

M^R(EKFXT[2IB=H$C1G
TNXX$



M751_EC^+Z^?/A



MU?\ PN\6OPN^&GAWPS8J%LO#NF6VF0 #'R0Q+&OZ**^5_V:?^A6I_$?Q%H

MW_#UBBBOS\^[BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M49-)^JV_4_.;]D7_ (-P?A5\&YK75?B1J5Y\2]9AP_V1E-EI
;=?]4K&27!_




%J96\1B:49N<






?P['7H5 _7ZOP[/\DK95C)82MK
M;5/HT]G^C[-
_:\BSJCFF$CBJ.E]&NS6Z_R\@HHHKQ3V HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH _#7_@Y
MR^+G_5?M=^#O$4N^#PCX=^T2+G(CGNYF9A]?+A@/XBOS5KZ)_X*R_%S_A=
M?_!1?XM:RDOG6]MKLFDP

M%&KVFE1;1DAIYDC!_P#'J_JGAS#+!9/0ISTY8)OU:YG^+9_

S:M..O

 ?


Y;]EOXHW/P2_:2\!^+K65H9

 9)9Y%



L

TW=_P!V
M*_^_8_9%/\ @Z#^#QU$(W@+XDK:DX\WR[(O]=GGX_\ 'J^COV6/^Q?P#_:








M:_?JG]Q^S93F



M\?OV OVN_P#@JM\4;_XH:UX2.@:/J!8:!INNZG'9'3K'.8HD@)
B';@LSHI=



M^))KZX_X(1?'_A;?_!2_P #/)%YMIX52ZU^XXR$\F(K$WX3R0_CBOCVOUH_
MX-:_A#]J\8?%;Q[-$ +&TL]!M)
[C*[SS@?3R8/^^J_I3B_&?5


G



MT8CH\CA)&'4(B@\25^

ML

W3
M@^Q$6W_@0K]5?^#E']I:[^%'[(^@^!--N7MKOXDZD\=V4;#/8V@225..S2R6

U]=
MQ97RI86.'S:HX0F^G-K;H[)Z;
^4X5HYF\3*OE=-3G!=;:7ZJ[6NECZ(_P(
MGGX!_P#0H_%__P %6G?_ =7Y+_\%(?VE?#G[7W[9WC/XB^$]

W]WZF2=L!


/W2+


M'_#ME:W*XP?/$*F8GW

MH.&



M*5+*'3ZSE%?=[WZ?B?'U?U-_L&_#6;X/_L6?OPU=*4N])\+V$5RI&LQ@1I






M9?7/^#E#]G?2[-I+6U^(6I2@?+%#H\2$GTS)

MPE\+KX&@ND
;:WJ
5WN3(1U&#@U\,Q_\$_\ X\2N%7X*?%K+
M<<^$-0 _,Q5VG@+_ ()_M*?$:YCBL?A!XLM?
.-^IQ)IJ+[DW#)BOF\+PGP

M].\.Z8I#2:7H+?:[Z4=U

Q-55LQ7)3W:?Q2\O+S;U[(O_L_? OP]^S1\&?#O@3PM:_9-#\-6BVE




M#(RG@J02#P0:_&,JSBM@LPAF]Z2=W?K?XM?--ZG[!FF4TL9@)X#X8M65NE

ZL

.G64](H8D(OX*HK\'_^SO_
M  2O\=? K]H[Q5\0?#'A[4_$'P]\7WTNL?:M/MVN#H\\S&2:&=4!*()Q5R-
MI5E&=P(KP_#W


;+*:


-Y?W:0Q.
9 4D_.3V

Q





=K!E/(KE_




? ?]COX9^$6B\J?1/#EE%=+C'^D&

MWM[7ST
SO(\850(PW)(%?TQ*H50   . !T%='BGF=.HL/AJ4DUK)V=^R7ZF'




M9 QF/V-?=G[67A?5;VR\$^)=
TRZUV/P)XC36KW2K9/
N+VW:SNK1VB3_EI)





M $&OE7X+_P#!:O\ 9U^._P 3['PAHGC::#5]5F%M8'4=


%2-0
EB3P !SDUR



)RDB[TA96VL


Z2BBBN$[0HKYU_:I_PK'P._8X\




M\

SC!U
5@JF&I-)S5KOL]
M'WZ7/G;_ ()Z_ W]H/X8^

M2
.%\H2;CU)QZFOL:BBL

M /!0[6_#OQ7_ .T/P1^'7Q5N[.V^%VDZ$^M6]EJ4@CT[4]2D-T$$V[
T$
M*;6X.O20@_IA7DW[5'[#GPM_;4T6QLOB1X3L_$']EEC97/FR6UU:;L;@DT3
M*X4X&5SM) .

PV\:

:56C1P
KN[+H
MK:!7PS_P<-_%'7OAK_P3ON;?1)[FTA\5:_9Z)JL\&0T5D\<\L@)'17:&.,^H
MD*]Z^YJY_P*GPI\-_&_P#J7A;Q;HUCK_A_5X_*N[&[CWQ3#((/J&! (88*D





MO

LF^
MT3:22B$NA*


1A9

 'defref_df_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IntangibleAssetsAndOtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostsCreditArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StockIssuedDuringPeriodNetOfTaxImpactOfShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StockIssuedDuringPeriodNetOfTaxImpactOfShareBasedCompensationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StockIssuedDuringPeriodNetOfTaxImpactOfShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StockIssuedDuringPeriodNetOfTaxImpactOfShareBasedCompensationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StockIssuedDuringPeriodNetOfTaxImpactOfShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StockIssuedDuringPeriodNetOfTaxImpactOfShareBasedCompensationValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationDuringPhaseOutPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesPayableNetOfIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncreaseDecreaseLitigationLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarlyRepaymentOfSeniorDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtExtinguishmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromOtherDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepurchaseOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_EmployeeRetirementAndProfitSharingPlansTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NatureOfOperationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RevenueRecognitionSalesIncentivesAndAccountsReceivablePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_InsuranceAccrualsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfBalanceSheetClassificationOfNetDeferredIncomeTaxAssetsLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_FairValueDerivativeAssetsAndDerivativeLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfCarryingValueAndFairValueOfSeniorAndSubsidiarySeniorNotesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleofSharesRepurchasedActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnvestedRestrictedStockUnitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfAdditionalInformationOnStockUnitActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceBasedUnitsVestedAndExpectedToVestTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfRestrictedStockAwardActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfAdditionalInformationOnStockOptionActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCostsOfRetirementPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedToDetermineNetPeriodicBenefitCostTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedAndProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsChangesInPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleOfInformationRegardingContributionInMultiemployerPensionPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleofFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsforOperatingLeasesandCapitalLeasesTableTextBlockTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RevenueRecognitionDurationofCreditTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017IncompleteAccountingTransitionTaxforAccumulatedForeignEarningsProvisionalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidAdvertising'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleNotPartOfDisposalGroupCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NumberOfBrands'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis=us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_UncleMattsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_UncleMattsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_UncleMattsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_FriendlysIceCreamHoldingsCorpMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ScheduleofRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedUnfavorableLeaseContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_FriendlysIceCreamHoldingsCorpMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=df_CustomerRelatedAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_UncleMattsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_UncleMattsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=df_CustomerRelatedAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_HealthInsuranceWorkersCompensationAndOtherInsuranceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerRefundableFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017IncompleteAccountingChangeinTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetProvisionalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017IncompleteAccountingTransitionTaxforAccumulatedForeignEarningsProvisionalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017RepatriationofForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitThatWouldBeOffsetByTaxBenefitsAssociatedWithTransferPricingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitWithUncertaintyAboutTimingOfDeductibility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017IncompleteAccountingChangeinTaxRateIncreaseDecreaseinDeferredTaxAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncomeTaxExaminationExtendedYearsUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncomeTaxExaminationExtendedYearsUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReasonablyPossibleSignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsByItemAxis=us-gaap_SettlementWithTaxingAuthorityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DecreaseInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossible'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReasonablyPossibleSignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsByItemAxis=us-gaap_SettlementWithTaxingAuthorityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DecreaseInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossible'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductibleExpenseLifeInsuranceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseSharebasedCompensationTaxDeficienciesAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductibleExpenseLifeInsurancePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseSharebasedCompensationTaxDeficienciesPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DeferredTaxAssetsReceivablesAndInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDerivativeInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesExtinguishmentofDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGrossNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DebtandCapitalLeaseObligationsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DebtandCapitalLeaseObligationsDiscountsandDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_SubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_SubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_SubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_CapitalLeaseObligationsandOtherBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=df_ReceivablesSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NumberOfWhollyOwnedBankruptcyRemoteEntitiesInvolvedInAccountsReceivableSecuritization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromOtherDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=df_SeniorSecuredRevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAverageOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=df_ReceivablesSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAverageOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_TotalAccountsReceivableSoldGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StandbyLetterOfCreditIssuedForLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=df_ModifiedReceivablesSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_SubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_OldCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_CreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_CreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DebtCovenantPercentageOfGuarantorsFirstTierForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ConsolidatedInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_CreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_LineofCreditFacilityAdditionalBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ConsolidatedInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_CreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_ConsolidatedInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_CreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_CreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_AmendmenttoSeniorSecuredRevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_AmendmenttoReceivablesSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_AmendmenttoReceivablesSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=df_AmendmenttoReceivablesSecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_BaseRateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DebtInstrumentIssuePricePercentageofPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentageOfPrincipalAmountRedeemed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodAxis=us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPeriodThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePrincipalAmountRedeemedIncludingAccruedandUnpaidInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DebtInstrumentWriteOffofDebtDiscountandInterestRateSwaps'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_SubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_SubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_CapitalLeaseObligationsandOtherBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermPurchaseCommitmentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=df_CurrentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=df_NonCurrentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_SubsidiariesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_SeniorNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=df_DeanFoodsCompanyTwoThousandSevenStockIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_PercentageOfFeeValueOptionToReceiveInRestrictedStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=df_PhantomSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=df_A2016StockIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodWeightedAveragePurchasePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=df_EmployeesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePriceRollforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=df_RangeOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=df_RangeTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=df_RangeThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=df_RangeFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=df_RangeFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=df_RangeSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=df_RangeSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=df_StockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PhantomShareUnitsPSUsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToStockUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis=df_StockUnitsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AOCIAttributableToParentNetOfTaxRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfNetGainsLossesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_AssetDefinedBenefitPensionPlanNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_FrozenPercentageOfDefinedBenefitPlanObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_GreenZoneMultiemployerPlansFundedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RedZoneMultiemployerPlansFundedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_YellowZoneMultiemployerPlansFundedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesByInvestmentObjectiveAxis=df_DeRiskingStrategyin2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesByInvestmentObjectiveAxis=df_DeRiskingStrategyin2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesByInvestmentObjectiveAxis=df_DeRiskingStrategyin2014Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RetirementAndProfitSharingPlanExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationEffectiveDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingServiceCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingServiceCostInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCostIncludingInterestCostNotAllocatedToDiscontinuedOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IndexFundsEquityFundsPercentageInvestedInUSLargeCapStocks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_IndexFundsEquityFundsPercentageInvestedInInternationalStocks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_EquitySecuritiesCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_EquitySecuritiesIndexFundsUSEquitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_EquitySecuritiesIndexFundsEquityFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_FixedIncomeBondFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_FixedIncomeDiversifiedFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_TotalCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_OtherInvestmentsPartnershipsJointVenturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_OtherInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_FixedIncomeDiversifiedFundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=df_OtherInvestmentsPartnershipsJointVenturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersBetweenMeasurementLevels'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersBetweenMeasurementLevels'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersBetweenMeasurementLevels'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_WesternConferenceOfTeamstersPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_MultiemployerPlansExtendedAmortizationProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateFirst'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateLast'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NumberOfCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_CentralStatesSoutheastAndSouthwestAreasPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_MultiemployerPlansExtendedAmortizationProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateFirst'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateLast'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NumberOfCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_RetailWholesaleDepartmentStoreInternationalUnionAndIndustryPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansFundingImprovementPlanAndRehabilitationPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_MultiemployerPlansExtendedAmortizationProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateFirst'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateLast'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NumberOfCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_DairyIndustryUnionPensionPlanForPhiladelphiaVicinityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_MultiemployerPlansExtendedAmortizationProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateFirst'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateLast'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NumberOfCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_MultiemployerPlansFundedStatusEstimatedFundingRatioPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis=df_AgreementsExpiringIn2018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis=df_AgreementsExpiringIn2018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis=df_AgreementsExpiringIn2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis=df_AgreementsExpiringIn2019Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis=df_AgreementsExpiringIn2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis=df_AgreementsExpiringIn2020Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementPercentageOfEmployersParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_WesternConferenceOfTeamstersPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_CentralStatesSoutheastAndSouthwestAreasPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_RetailWholesaleDepartmentStoreInternationalUnionAndIndustryPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=df_DairyIndustryUnionPensionPlanForPhiladelphiaVicinityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansSurcharge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidatedEntitiesAxis=us-gaap_ParentCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfNetGainsLossesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesAfterTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCreditNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedAmortizationOfGainLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfNetGainsLossesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationContributionsByPlanParticipant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlansMiscAxis=df_BenefitObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearHealthCareCostTrendRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlansMiscAxis=df_NetPeriodicBenefitCostMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearHealthCareCostTrendRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingServiceCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingServiceCostInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceAndInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_FacilityClosingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=df_OrganizationOptimizationInitiativeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_FacilityClosingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessExitCosts1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostCostIncurredToDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostExpectedCost1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=df_OrganizationOptimizationInitiativeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherRestructuringCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesNoncashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesNoncashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesNoncashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostAxis=df_RestructuringChargesNoncashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LesseeLeasingArrangementsOperatingLeasesTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=df_ContingentPromissoryNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_LongTermDebtContingentPaymentOfPrincipalOrInterestPrincipalIncludingUnpaidInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=df_DairyFarmersofAmericaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_CommitmentsAndContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_NumberOfManufacturingFacilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=df_FluidMilkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=df_IceCreamMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=df_FreshCreamMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=df_ESLandOtherDairyProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=df_CulturedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=df_OtherBeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=df_OtherProductsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_RestructuringChargesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_df_TaxCutsandJobsActof2017IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=df_WhiteWaveFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
MWTG] E!+ P04     !B5I



M\/Z\?9W6+6R72'4:\Z]D)9T#KMEU\MOB\6FW84W%Q4/!JZ):[L1*B[O5Q^C
MZP^_F[#SQN[M/S:^C8U_+J+Y@M02P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O


E&
'JTI*J
2!SG446+.ES.[=A.+.?\JLJB9CL1R&M54?%W


_O)U*]F)W0OZJ





MTM




D4 @(PL%


M[V62.C^L#O-@%H \C^


<X5&!;:!Q4;1


-XK-ZE2]Q#_B


M[M9+-3J*=7P:QB:J='B+VUC78TO)QS]SH\MKSC'P]OR]]9^GSJ?./%9]W+;U

MS=Q*LM)4WR_'PW$ZGN?VW\/D )P#\!H YM


M-76[%50ZY)Y)*7HIF1
$3SUM)9X/3F;D+2F:3XHX8G)20JC3*
DJ2,4BAP<TADM
MZ90/I<\XDG$, H]I=<V:C^/F=6XP9-: %M:&


M0^ \-'25 (ZZ5#*LM@2546DUR?B1D0@$]E,YK!S'J%DCK@N&.]#9M119B(*
M3*0K!G+4E9#JF)1T'EC

$C%



;3-]7'ANVR&F1M67U
-]
MK';7BSH^#^.I3^?=Y:/+Y6)H3_

;R3=




8I$:?&+:9M.MX-927:CS6X(
M1D




M0G53V6?F53(#0?OQP473JU_\!E!+ P04     !B5I



 /07H
M'P'FTP S!1@2L#RF
J[-INJKVU7;?
S:X^D]5$

M'7V_M6ZU?!_&F23KHP3/)'!2+-/@IQE0FF&-+!PO)RBY0A/)ADNLETUH
4T]

*(;4%FK$*2W4:0%4JCD4V#DIN?XK8M[7Z*

KG%%CEP


+.+0\A=:DN3C_&BTEM!#J]F)V0BZH'4.62 SPK61'UN
LT<4GF(7==R_  QVUK:MO]K/3+GTLV@L1H
MFT,=R*P#BM/806<+@L


H6V(


<*1*49GN&SSM;QM)J3'=BMK
;@5E=%'
M5Z#H0@Z; .ATH,I25!;#_9JF_@7EY_YEAF'@9S!SN6F9)IK3)%:3!IW?B-Q


M;GA.0


H!NRX1*-_1J-L5NDL5]8





L]MMBZ6F^G517_N:WUU4;VVJ^6F_%I/FM?UNJC_
MNRY7U?OE5$Q_G?BV?'YINQ/9U


9&]=8$&S6RGD0<:K5/)+9<(H5+-'&E(G 72F%1S

L@^@DP.#&BG,;UFTVNSGWN=8Y[4K G!7KR9'9W&GO0

M#)]!F9.I

M


MKJ@9#4BAE*)VCLE20QBT I$V4$





M8ZK4#J:JX@4ZRW6*U^=6&/H&8G%4EOK!B%8(T?2Q%HKH8ZTM;12.:V+YD7


D5(CE[#\D1/9+ -

M7]IP\2(+ .6]
5K)M5\H5:\0DGD!C

*+T49R1K 60HR4QBJ(@
MP(B1LO*SU

MU7NA3ZA7.98






M\-*=1.RL
[;\^*[.#P02IT!B!9([@8=1HUK
PF(JBPEF
1X5^S^@G0L4?9#O


M:'#Q&8BS'2K2R_FE4N;^#*+]W'J
S

9Q3=ZGK7CYUVF'88_B#B7E?0.7.EG
M:1_/B7

M !B5I



MW7[:C+:OJ]5\\]^T779OMV
__G'@\^+IN1\.3.YN7N9/[9]M_]?+ITW^-3E&




M&CK5'!63'/UXD*GF))IKDXPLPI6DL9*0L(F&.;)N_9\EB?C  (#RZ G 2H

MS:R
<Z!KDYZHG/F3.)8FP8J3T%W-%!1Y
+H\(7)V1O3T7CV=JB[
MTW%\

M$C2(@:H6BJ7KA='D+9M8H\D#FE#THEU;V96OA47[1CHI+2$\AI
'=*KTJL=;

M2=_@S67=N6M

]8O(^M=R;EACNRN,HED39L 9,+E5C7
MVC#@517%F[ZV.G')%_L: XLJ,/47YE#]!0T 2]N!0AW@7(NG)'PI%@J[7
M&RC
DYL4P$487 3 I2$[)4 DROUDS -='@GDS
6SPM*0P^ B4%1I1$[)HD:8

;485%5!PY8!
M9CQ+G71W(R&EC%+M'4;
ZR I
( QN=C;.SP4KAICC## 2- 8833WY^%&K#L


PI(
M%74-WR!5:2:7PA

[&



;:C^^YUW0\/
UE<GPWYNY_4$L#!!0    (


M LPPY\R984@'-
^V 7#D54EM
]HXUQT8LT4#2M@K[$#[FPJ-$LZ;IF:V
R#*
'KCO31&<L17QSHNWWGO)M_LD
M99= -

MP$O97/D1:OP'FPT)E0O'+_YLQC$;#8?=](/8_(WSOU!+ P04     !B5I








G56


2YX;6Q]4]MNW 0
M_17$!P2O=W/IRK:4356U4B*M4C5]9NVQC0*,WB=_'T!.Z[;.'T!9IASYLPP


]
MEY1


/8O
W+GX#4$L#!!0    ( (&)6DPGW-Z-M@$



SSES\3B?T#S;

M9$_+


]U00\A(5!0N: @_':%1U J

M8N8?A!-E;G B9N[](





MU[ET95O*IJI:J956J9H^L_;81@'&!;Q._[Z '==MK+P 



M5J F!IJWB>'8Q;B8\3@-&NSB14

]UY3
Q7^%


M=5QUK8!  #2 P


K
M

M(0[JG-YOCZ=]C$\!3Q(&OSB36


M2MN;-


MI%ZK:9

=EH[)-K 3QYUJIS
M.6V][X^
N;(%+=R-Z:'#F]I8+3R:MF&NMRJ-**\21YS[20'2VRZ#O;(C.#
M5[*#LR5NT%K87R=09LSICKXX'F33^N!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+5IL8:FDALY)TQ$+
;]###M@%\!O %<(AYV)0H*K\77A29
M-2.Q4^][$9YX=^38FS(X8ROB'8IWZ+T6/-EE[!J(YIC3%
-7
:\1#-F7%'PK
MQ8G_ ^?;\'1381KAZ1\*_T.PWR381X+]FR5NQ:1_)6&KGFJP39PF1THS='&2
M5]YE8&]Y?)/7\&G:OPK;R





- 5].!Q/

P.WY

H]X?01EGIN*5F*_PQ74#X\*/$Y*E0V


L9]= M

M]^'IKL(TPM
_%-[N$V2[!%DDR/Y;XE[







MOTZ@S)#1#7US/




]S#5
\'2J;BO\$5%(8')9BC

K%E12]


@^I^!K*4[\'SA?AV]7
M%6XC?/N'PL


M971S+W-H965T



@E^[?#TB:9EO6+X-W_.S,=F(YLFV (X\:]79G+;.]4?&;-F%O8&










K


O WO/X)K_#IVG_+FS3

/8LLW+MX!4$L#

M=#(P+GAM;'U3;6_;(!#^*X@?4&*2M5%D6VHZ39VT25&KK9^)?7Y1@7
!Q]V_

MFZ9FMC
@R@A2DO'-YI8IT6J:I]%W
GF*O9.MAI
AME=*F%]'D#AD-*%7QU-;

KH?7(X[D)\#/C9PF 79Q(J.2.^


G!^Y[4P1G;$6\\^*M
M]UYRGMRF[!*(IICC&

7

M!+M(L/MOB6LQ^[^2L$5/%9@Z3I
E!?8Z3O+.P_L/8]O\CM\G/;OPM2MMN2,
MSK]L['^%Z,!+V=SX$6K\!YL-94+QSM_-N.8C8;#;OI!;/[&^0=02P
$%




M 5%%DE:
)\D-TT)VM
L7)O3.THJ
MJ

M=J9M$_A


M36\R=@E,^8X8?@:LR85U]\*T01_Z!SK?IN\T,=Y&^6]/33]L^TV!?138

SK]L
M['^-Z




&T+7.]!5$G
MD%:
[W9OF!;2T#)/OK


M%%0^



MF




M;Y@6TM R3[ZS+7

JV\]'!RKP7+7P!_[4_


'WGH316=J17I+HAWP7LM.<]R=HU$<\QI
MBN&KF/T2P0+[DH)OI3CQO^!\&W[85'A(\

_15!

M7UP#X


M4K8*M&N-)A:JC-XEQ]
NQ

;G$FH9*+
2_!^%IF=!
\TYOTW9-1!-,:<QAB]B
MDCF(?N<@J^E./%_X'P=OEU5N(WP[1\*]^L$NU67238_;?$M9C#7TG8HJ<*
M;!VGR9']#I.\L([#^P=CV_R.WR<]N_UJUVY&(\OFSL?V6,!Y2RN<$1:O#
0
@AA
M&K\63;J&#




MJJ\A^%Z($_^/SO?IZ6Z&::2G6WJ:[ MDNP)9%



MH
3G*%'9N))RL [US.*E:/$V[;*+^SC=7/
9M@W@
X O@-N8ATV)HO('X421
M&1R)F7K?B_#$^P/WO2F#
[8BWGGQUGLO!4]XQBZ!:(XY3C%\%;-?(IAG7U+P




MZPZ



M1L-A-_T@-G_C_ -02P
$%     @ @8E:3)&CT#.V 0  T@



M-
3'@






M_LA#;ZKH3*U(=T&\]YKR;-]SJZ1:(XY33%\%?,:P0+[DH)OI3CQO^!\&W[8
M5'A(\,-OO]!D&T29(D@^V^)6S&'/Y*P54\UV#9-DR
5#B9-\LJ[#.P]3V_R

M?./R%U!+ P04     !B5I

M='



7.. IN'Q?Q*.K:
5D_?@^D

LKU_$$% 61T/TW\1%


C%$0V8;8]A-Q@Z
M(HAE'R48DMBRB3G#YBGT


 @L(\(#?_X8U01S^]Z&@GSZT?G6Y.QPGIP0\-Y!^\




Q+GAM;&U4VV[;
)9T@<N]Q_LWT+M
MKI8+





$%     @ @8E:3!V$0 BV 0  T@


M##0%O4]/YRS$QX ?$B:[.9-0R17Q*1B?ZX(F01 HJ%Q@$'Z[P0
H%8B\C%\+
M)UU3!N#V_
+^
=;N:[D*P^H?LK:=04]4E)#(T;E'G'Z!$L];RA9BO\-U ^
M/CQ.2I4-JZD&JU#O;!X*5H\S[OLXS[--UFZP/8!? 'P%7






M2$&9XJ?-Z1P[O ?\:&#0BSURE5RE?'7&YR+%D4L(..3&
)5W@<G]G_^AKM[5<F89GR7\VA:E3?,H@)+UW+S(X1-

M%NXRL1JYY-I_4=YK(\7$8E

#U+V!U!+
M P04     !B5I



&;+%K2P5]A#YV]J-%HX

MMJA44D-G)7;$0)W3N]WAF 9\!/R0
-K5F81*SHC/





/8LLW+GX#4$L#


M=#
V+GAM;'54;6^;
!#^*\@_H;.S0I*;5M$F;%'7:]MF!2TU
;.=T/W[

M=::^4--IX%4(DH*R.-Y1R9N6%%GP'761J:L530M''9FKE%S_.8!0?4Y6Y
WQ



2
MOYK*UCE)253!F5^%?5;]9QCKV9)H+/XKW$ XN


M2E1!%@Q$,L\9%4E0D10@VQ$

M/OD''R;0-ZXO36NBD[*NVT)/G)6RX%*)[]S3U6[H38: L_7;Q.WUT/J#854W
M3C4ZC=;B+U!+ P04     !B5I

M:&5E='


M1O4@W4ZCM*#6+75+3*^!UH$D.
F2Y)8(RB0N\Q [Z3)7@^5
PDDC
PA!]?L1
MN!H+G.*/P MK.^L#I
Q[VL(WL-_[DW8KLJC43( T3$FDH2GP?7HX[CP^ 'XP
M&



MDS6H4H


MA\;ZZ9V;Z^DM3PNK^KE-R?*O*'\#4$L#!!0    ( (&)6DP!3V'OVP$   $%



M+GBG



2*G;AYD4.GV'J9X?1U/Q7



%

DN:+(+&Q7)B',
M+FRR#YKL P+[E4D(DX1-DJ!)$AX7YF$
)]6)F1Q!06HV@^?1H6\='[P%]EY
MOA^HO\(?\/%Q^




HX%?@I

MM&HCW1U^PWV-Z8ZYLRF\
1Q%V'/!&V=]YE+,O+P1#WFV&'8$
'!''L@P3#

BG:2(86:B7*(B2X0@G8A@F)E



!#]





B6+E

MQ6VRJ-:CBIN\B:X+^T#CG?R#S]O^G9F.*XO.VOF;C?-OM7;@2TGN_ KU_H&M












BYX;6QU5=N.FS 0_17$!ZRQN219





M]L(XMTS&C]\C:3AI6L/Y_
[^V05O@CE2Q5X$_U6?=+4-UV%P8F=ZY?I5]%_8



M @1K3P3;&1#!3)'@G2R!.!




RYX;6QU5&UOFS 0_BO(/Z & H1&!*GI



$%     @ @8E:3 RS$_[  0

MP*)W*3J3X];:_D(*5N0S-RI'CKWI59:,NMW1#3:V!5($E!Z&9S3R3C'2ZR

MA
C5

M5F1:C4A/9]\S?\7; W5G4_ID.(KPS9DW+GLIDGV2D8L7FC''4-7F.V($Y]
M*4%C)8[T/SJ-TY.HPR30DS6=[N





Z9

MW#'%A:9E'GUG6^9F\%)H.%OB!J6X_7



KXATF[]![+;/[0\ZN06C&

MAH3&A^
]GNTT9I/A33__(+9\X_(O4$L#!!0    ( (&)6DRU





MYC1CZ ;SCB!.?;6@
8L3_8=.X_0DFF$2Z
F6GB1Q@30JD :!]*\2Z4V)

M3+*H21812&]

$
M%     @ @8E:3#





M6-7/;4J6?T7Y%U!+ P04     !B5I
7VOM)[8!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O




;JX1'TS;
]19$%4E*


4HC75Q)

0Z; L7
'X0716;-2.S4^UZ$
M)]X?./:F#
WVP+IID :!=+_2N3O2MS).^L%5/%=@F3I,CI1ETG.25=QG8
M.Q[?Y T^3?L/89M..W(V'E\V]K\VQ@.FLKO$6KQ@RV&A-J'XV<\VVG
)L.;
M?OY!;/G&Q3]02P

M0&P.M;BCK6T44]VC-=$JBW?!Z+EE&R-45T%. S3H9EXR]FYNR1+V;L**NR



M:Q]&Z;!K$UB!V#H O%Y&9-)%G
.#M[O'N]+=%?$;J/5?8W^M DVSQ3Z1'J
M]+2(BG@6G#21Q2P[#!Y@4(\(%'OO D
NEGAB'A7)V


#

;;AX4B1N[BPD 2%C




$%     @ @8E:3)6\3I46




M/JON


M4

9XXG6:!)%@A@@0-H
M@I_8Y'ZA]




M

MSABSSCNE7TT%8*

M05B2S(GD=1








MZ6J)$\Q0@AFB8/9NCS#
'\R1XO,$8(%3K! 1;WVURB!
L[;&*8&S97:)$5




MB5I


BYX;6R5






M2B[
MX==;'SHI*NU%I5+EK^.SJ(?G2?M_
X
-L#; 9P-$_FL0:8-HK@'1!F2N0:P-
MXKD&5!O0N09


IL8'$3@:1,#28C:AX@L*I453W-NI39-$0A,'5L1
M@[1BBU9J)AQ;M'#S(VP09\B1HU\;1!U51X%LZ5VX404=L! !VQ^Z2:@@P3(


M+F!)(?H!NKH$)M#E]G;FSCIPN)#@/I(Y' !PNE\^EB6#08TH/1 S(-FIY

MN;[G[:ZH.^]92/6A/7P.;X607+D

I&GV-

N]U?VE][
MZ^7,##PI_KNK;'O #QA54+.!VU<U?H6YGPRCN?GO< 'NX-Z)TR@5-^$7E8.Q
M2LPLSHI@']/:R;.



K0E97)T W


MVT$O6]Y[ NK
8GOE=!3:],O?#Q,\QYB._-
MX;_#9B&&R=ZCY(S:7^]\BH5[V85;:6C;]/8]G8<IQ6RFVEN0C03HH40XO\2
5NGO+,8E3=#-
M
^9IPD0K3/014=PCXG\0I TL+B*GB\CRXQ4_/






MINY

M.A4#8&2^4


K3J71: [QT(P+4D
QK()Z;



M_0=02P





M7NYE[A1B


Y:ZS%IODF%;?

@D\#-F@0*H-P; 2F#-A8@T@91&
-N#+@

QO!H

9 L16\C%./D;(
M:[*RC$WR?H15% 6&8'*/S15!6$BMY)M=!]U
?)
^M_FP;4ADO%81?#.Y(S!B
M92K04$\/0OI
+
)+*%(1HC.A1A@: X_

^Y94\A%I4F




M+#-
+5U$_?$)4TL743)C12H)[5\8%E32[M1I-TFP_;I] -WT+4TAH4VSWU


M1TZ?[KL3L+^38KO/2^=-5I7
VG. C925J/G[7^OIVHED?;Y)Q:9J+J/ZNNA.
MGKJ;2A[4J9IW/MJ;_P]02P
$%     @ @HE:3 \(!-03 @  @P4  !D   !X

2+^;H#RO@BC\!IX:4ZU




MO7!SP1T4[X:1A\:Y6_X#4$L#!!0    ( (*)6DRQSZ481@
  &
-   9

!#^*XCO*[9YL5TED9J@
M:9


M5

MPLS=UZN%/*LBK\1][37GLLSJOVM1R
O2Q_[KQ$-^.*IV(E@M3ME!_!#JY^F^

A*%




8#H
I


MIKM^?
_J0UXUWJ-4^AQL3JM[*970+-&-7K:COO$
@T+L5?M*]7O='?N[@9*G


MKATX!%0;

M&Q!
KV0/G7U32R68L4MU)KI7PJ?)#BA4;0A@K4=+C(?.ZHBDQ?#VPZ.NF+

[)E_)X\\8QTB??S

D^
M1A74[


M'!HM.
E'3DQ7-




M@ZGMA.W;US:$LL;;F_B'

M=I3QH0QA^-AX;JZU
\02]E^ %N][G1
M6\'/A@YR,0],)4?.7\SBR[D,(P-$&3TIXT#T<*=[RI@QTAB_)\]P3FDE_.'
!#(,8_JR?FG8#;1!_FR6S:L[//=+52[]XK'*$W(W1I-F-FGBAB=\J]FM%
M\D\-,!,$7LI8AN?+#-$[Q@D7H/$&J W96GC%&36DUG-2A&$$5.+1X93'.4





S&+(%!&H
MZA

M0S!:WF36TD9QG.4XF1PEDR-D4H-


M1N(PTD( E280



YKA3BINFKY@PSZ4]

)B$9V-T:A9#QH\TZ!)$6GW:0D,+;'&
M7CA^N\#&5Q!'4OH2FL,0!,R3V'@RSY/$L$$&B36('EC@)Q#1IJ-:W5W"


.!5Y!O-2


M!H;L=+VOG;
(/.WO$0;(

7
MG'C'


M&C3;(+S:#-W=-R8/5=L'CT+I-L


M:A@HT8T=8S2UK:M_4$L#!!0    ( (*)6DP--OD*^@





0Q
4V;'T


$$49\@NDL@2*$&
MQO1

JZ'!A]TXU(HH@HYE!J9$@$

8O@.R$
MRA:\QB(T5#:G:)$?(O=RH8F\ GD,J.2H'XZB4(JF'-,\/D7C V'*&X8!U2



M]9AN\3]02P

M)*B 

#R C@'T
M%@#9?P/2

M7]9

MAL(P!


MWT$A-


G8]T1MS^('HRQVF4D=VYR


M_BN(]];F9DA$D%:F:9


M[86NT








7+2C05/VFNA.@T9%H+R/(2(H1!DY
MYM$TP,I5Q)9D[4K2'(:(P3QC8Q]/\OQ/%AAT@(T#/'%@09:])C6:ML\CQ'8Y
M5ZXJRO*HL!(&5E.8Q@Y 9$3 #FVD'M-<A\F01:PJT%18N&ZFKB 65.0-058

U2E)F3I2GQK_M@PMX*KBB$
M67.0-0=84XLU?QB)W453RC/,POUD9\):@&B%@J%:(L ) 4)[G%Z\JLC-:/
M%!-6U=? HS
$:'/[[ R=[Q@E86)O6T &'!UK0#8].WKNX.[T;R@_FLXJO!T[


M9 
  .

!3\


MP@C322&=%-!QU)/!!-G;I40)M@3R!C&-H*MB]1 18CH#P)&


M-6]V1=UZCU+IC5N_O=I*J81.2.ZT%/9ZQWVY*

MEWW]XB]02P


M_^X9%T/I8_]]X*6YUMH.!%71TRO[P?3/_B!-+YA=SDW+.M6(SI/L4OH?\6Z/

IO[
M('+

8H2A8BC$D,8R(0$T&8?(79BC.(Q@3
M@Y@8P!TPDB.
P)#$I 4 *!\ JT%2&8D8*
%&*0%6
K


GG7


M\/W&XID
$@-UO
D&:(%@B[;72J+$QMJ6*RGQ]NTKR8K7XOQDI+U8'_)SAD/R

M.BOW198^MXVVFQE/$CW;INO=='[5?O=0S*_RMVJSWF4/Q:1\VV[3XK]%MLD/
MUU





M\*X!/S7@+-I = W$T :R:R!_-3#1!JIKH(9ZT%T#/;2!Z1J8H0ULU\#^:A ?



*&Q 0 .B-2#/##!_])='C6XUNZ
FL4G]
MSQM=JO
4MS%%K[
ZMNJ8FK+USH! 8 M[!$6@R+%\<]ZWV0C P

M3.!$PT9D&H93#:.Y1FOFQRI(K!_ A#J
<-I@-&_0

HXY;IF#/
.*.0:^U#SBBYGPTDQI$!'K7TO1F:OH05
6^876:!-^5[LW3:

!!^E !W(?QZQS-AQ4'MA4\ &@

 
DW@I$P1,*,B!E#)$U]+?[=X)62VEC$6/:

ZAIQMNDWDEP@(X7:XEYE(!'.K:*C*V\X*&P
(H2H1@H




M/8UQU*B:D7D$E[@Q5X$K7%#/R.K4]+8U=E;1&&\-SG$V-.

M2!8-*GL:^S&818-8]'[:64!1X.!O
(H&H1C8D!B
HAF!HL$H&G19XH\J$KG0

J :
MNE!7
5;&#8_68F(L@







-ZKLN9K



 MP]P
M/P(\77R7F2[U$Q8X31AM#=:=5H/52X%6KMS


L.TR@

(,<X*S1]'\ CD+.K1D0M03(\:
M!'D+.K#?D3??U*5,81LC_XE-A4V*  ?.BWWI@CV*0KGQ;H+#+ !4?1$L;!E



M






TL6@2\2CB\ 69.5;]//B^9/V'L71NL ^A!@+^ +$W
M0*P#Q,,)3X U&QV&:$RM,1;B\5/$RD7$F( ,@MN$Z_;Q'4;9Y;;#I

E!(
MP5H\^SB;
_)2%879HG7+''



Y2S]1$@S:F8LU.=ZUML.;'6JA/



MD UFMR*P45]#$%^($[FC$S]][\UP[^B'#?T0IGZ!@U?@X 3V_Y68^ 4BKT!T


M]X*68N]F4E8[A

M.2^@%#DK'0Z7O?L)[U+L:X)!O.90BU[?T5&.C+WIP;?SWO6T(Z!PDEJJ.8.
M*5JE92//ZVHVWU3$_O]A_H7$UZ%.1(!*:._\[/




I@
M2H/!X3AK.@7Y(5[9K816*Z'%2CBRTFBOI5-. *E%M#,FD16(Y'%2&076%D%
M5LNKLK8*K!=493U-.:W*%#1?E8W5RF9!53:6JOC;D14+:&9-ME8C6XN1F238
MLV]9;WE=\,RNQPLJTX+Z4;WQOO\(,C1BW_C87U7%C38N='8R10S=H)Z9Z*^
MI'X0?LU+X1R95





E0- ZJ:J6JF5HJVZ?7;@$-#:
MF-I.V/Y];4,H :?*_8Q
\.
#W;:







M\*TN?





K



#

M7AD)JF\7V !C1DG[^-F)^OT[#7$XOJE_L
7K8G94PH:S'^5!%6M_X7L'.-(S


B*@UIDM]3U5-





Y6:4O^
+




MQV\ZXGG_I/[)%V^+67


:

\])C[#


M^$:C[)% V

7JR\9;V
M-AL' G;&=3/;5_V1W@^
;(?KBHQW9O$74$L#!!0    ( (*)6DS[2J0E+ 4
M )

M7VQ]63(3
D.@%%H(F=ZY[;
A@F1JQ[FV(;W__OHKJ27M!J4\$-LYNWM6J[-2
MK

I_GN8DS&^P??




W
60 R*H
M*1QX4)#'C#KV%HLK%\$9-S'7 
9$? (0D97+C8MA%IG/+D0*9F)N(8Q%YP[
M$&5BOKB8R()\A4()$W


M!W3M _KD [KQ 7WV =WZ@.Y\0%] D R-/ZN$7__ YOX/;!Y.LS%FCH)GCG)F


MA6
0DPG27 C476([#- SCDTXBC0









M

V-U4^;8_
M @T.Y[#3_P%02P

&AEPUM/0)GYC^'ND!B\
M!;PTT

M3ESIJV /;
FY IUDL-(MJ_43-BXHE
I
-WHNW$5V\6[X8UXT.9_P502P
$

M[0*


MWE6B/7:R:
VGMSNW2I9#%EU*F;WWU[PRU^N0_R

#X A 
: R 0$O9&I_%.F

7D _6QVW:9Y%.8[77RK=R\;ED:KX-(E&C3;7@
3#1D5





\)(#;3&@'*:.+PPJDF-M8V!
3FFL8T#EUMX5P3
M&VR;@T$T!\%AA'--

MNL& 4G\80!G&SVYQ2 S?8B8LZ_7\#9!HSM.01@L[T 0ASO/
#1!AMM&P&P




[[[$^QE9G9V8R]YQ_B+* &D]UK31FS\4LIVC9 H


FGA&0@

M['I
-



:S1^-+;_ 5!+ P04
X$Q%YM5$FFS5=5*K;1JU?;9FS@)6L I.,GV[VL,
M2\&,I;P$;,[,F1E\ALGJ)IO7]B2$\MZJLF[7_DFI\T,8MKN3J'@;R+.H]9.#
M;JN]+(YANVY$7QOC*HR)%&4A14O:G^S



I%_Y(IO


M2$$PBBU9F-








FV]G;S4



$%     @ @HE:3 -&[A-Y @  
P@



M2C!SN?

MOXCV*^\;BGVO[_X[O_/2A-M*#.
D2N4^O=--:5'U*J:4BKUUUZ)VU[;7?Z3!



BAP)=
88$
%
B 0K-)H5U
.BH49ZMT 8
1
M[!@T!X5H:IDNB(Y_3N$J6C@1O.!-#)!FYL0S$D:K;
&A&+3H'A. 1*8D
C^]

 ZX/IU[$<]NC


^!:C]^P]T9HQ6VW^;@
M-OVG\.]L\-KNWC:
T#RZ.:'.9M?:X($-ZBTBJ]XC
(38X8D[72:P  %C)%Z
M?!!(88$$%$B\0#)

EZ.DFQM4F]3MTF2#

V09HH3 :1L3&J-V)#$%K
Y
QP6[?K;;8W\?_S=M6]X.K<U'K8^-O=7]W7N2


MB5I






]9D^D:[
?+HZE&+_3D^_TU?==QO--^#X$
IJ7
M24

M
Z!%E29-/&J:29.)V)$F@6D2D(8OTB-HYHI3)* /$BR:1)9VO)@S3%63*8


MQ]9;DD&LGAFM
*41S5V9Y(*X(Q/FCR$ E[Z$HLR1!V/*Q IK&E&ZKOH89X9X



MQ@H2A;.MD5JVIW%3J//VZMJ

MQVV4HU*]U).) EW=LRP.]Y-*'OOA
-7'[;1;-)WTZF)VPL+[=MSN/U!+ P04

MR&N_UHU=NT'_3O







JL/ $08
B$2K#TO T!(KZ-'AWPNL?01R(!L?@DDX!3,
M$UD^&O&+O @+9$&!S ID8Q.@$^2JPV+:3H


X$/T5

M5NNJ[@@FHUVR


ME* -K92'Y(JF8R*_. 5;;+MDCJGX=:RK/&ZMXG]YD\;K:7M?9NHB(^M]I2


M8@02\]6%Q*&XQ'RC









  
H.

!#]5Q#?4_!
M@51)I;3M$F;5'7:]IDF3H(*. 
GZ?[[F1^EP3S2[$NPG7=W[VS?DV]VEL5+



S?PZ^0;9G6JGV(5+V:%/%M%<UJ'
MN+H4[-[3F[FN%NN]J__3V99Z];2(0IHYI\I1BUDV&+K L [A:.]=$(AEC0P



T1-O
AS

M9XH=

2Q'S_^.LL
HP)#.#LQKJS3R(VYJ,\1Y-'H#
ML=@PI#:F\K&AD#I S?(G^$#]8;A@3'5#\&M 3('X*-ZQ_#FL.0Z)@*R(9R
M@B00P:
CUXBK#H

9-85@$R(QNXQ8?DB



M!!0    ( (*)6DPXL-43BP

M=#@Y+GAM;)5876^;
!3]*XCW#7_PY2J)U&::-FF3JD[;GFGB)&B 
R!-]^]G
M#






B2#(EG)33^4*/3'DUS+JAHJ:1V_





M@=@4B*\*Q-841DQJ

W81DJ(U0D T1GH2DHI21 2F))&3')C(6Z4@(^Z2D


M1S!Q;BD#1$ZJ

M_ @[?B;0/.5XK /(MAEU(XCS_]Q
G$(4Q)P8PB
@\/CA?JYDM



]G[#$4P*[F;'73Y5A





MKVCH





8:)[


2YX;6R55VUOFS 0

M_-@WN\CZI3D(H;S7LJB:N7]0ZO@0!
WF(

Z6']3YHCK7(
MMIU1600D#*.@S/+*7\RZN:=Z
9


M5)ZE?&D'7[9S/VP9B4)L5.LBTX^S6(FB:#UI'G^
4W^(V1J.W]^\?^J2U\D\



M.E/98E;+BU?WRWO
VJ\('IBN_J:=[(K=_:?+T^C9\R(%/@O.K2.#6?88
L+

M$.%GW0H X2EP&Q
ETF;D%H$E-J%02#T33F.)T4I9
B=






G%T$%U^B:^]G8FKJG?8?D9Q
MTQN:X/)+,/FU-S2Y):R&C0N9WM $EU^R*]SVR&NKJ+7'02'??IK@XL^^.D3
M7*@)(M1@WTL

M3K6OL7ZO^Q:K'RAY-.UC
/2PBW]02P
$%     @ @HE:3![S)-2Z 0  600




MLQ#U [.L*K0:D9XV:V#^3*1[ZCYF[9OAVX5W+JUQW6OUCB8%N7JA&?
P8;(5

FC



%YDL?Y/J#U!+ P04     "B5I,;1M!TEH   [

S.VL:;;&#\3=2$

M\\S$=CS/V%G2IB
 /XW9!!+
E(S^:0ZRWKB)ZQS($9^I?&7#
M5S+5$[G.5/QW<B%4P;43E:-B5)A?ISH+R=I)15EI\?OX;#KS';]*PTF^!/!
82*7O(TB#-TT4(3IA@Q_@+CS0BDU.<4/I2B\&_H_N<$Y2TBL#;6TB<
MP8L
[ \(
%/TD6 $!4(C$'Y:J+6U4! FL&J%
(E5+(1)8;
1:#:Z%0A7
MEED(XUEF(8R]
P#FGMD8-!L#2:Q5*R!
:)F%

[L&S:Z!)/;W F&L

M$L!$UG':/L:


M='

MOIV']_BNP
P86
2OBI_EY#TPH3P+\6(6WS;S$!E%O.9K92A*_3CQ%:]KPZ1U
M_!E(P]&G
9F&PX=OR6*M'<?[*AX!8& S1

AB0T0 G'QK0

MAPD2D !,I;!E(D/H*'8RUF/8)$Z*D)LQ (13ZF0



M=#DU+GAM;'U4VXZ;

Y(VZ
B



M)R;5&38GK69
@E(
?79J+MG+BC44D^?U)S;/] 6D@W3Y8+G&Z[X U!+ P04
M     B5I
Y*5.*/


M-BYX;6QUE-V.FS 0A5\%\0 8''XC0&JVJEJIE:*MVEX[

M*W4 E?E(KO 3Y*_QS-4*K2YUU\

 3HW^Z
M6K:%F[I.#0VY4?G
IJ^P]!.YSM+\=[@#57)=B6)4C KS=*J;D*Q?7%0I/7F=
MQVXPX[3X/]+L7A)P&LGGN90:;RST22


_G?EY(


[EP#0.BA9H@6+

@1/W%(:WTIRN_5P?MZ\2//3M7=






MAA?1X47
I#
/2$

#P
O8D %'%=@804V_M8Z6(&+N+4NO+5:3NYKKU'C^VH4
M;@A+
(T)

R92CDGD

MF&@!B+8$A0)3*-0
4S% LR'4U.V@VABG$=C*H J%K*
(R6F)%9!49+1*36
MK0@C*=E;B?F3/32
C^L@:L#(R!F)5&)D9$PBE6'4##
Z$)$A76+X)(#/$BL6
M22PF9X11B8&1


^6LA93J&;$4(4I5#$Q5(7Q$BQQ

M )$6V(EIS':D8$U1A$'1-!-0B7B99!WD(Z9I6@FH3!U@!L2^WM
M81#UC!BJ,8@Z)H;J,&#)2[0?;;$U1ALC:(HL9K3F$0](XIJ8N
T(HH^Z#*
M$IE98U@UJ+$4T=CP/2

EYD16PV&R\3$5A
F4F0*4-&F
M8%-#E,:U2'BYXL9N=5@$U
;C4HD@8;8D E$R=N58^#:OQKAN0)D4X-QMX
M[!WUNPW&U
X(N!9C:F

#BJWQAF.R

MTMR8@T_WUX/
O]3MUW9.*?N71?J#NC@/+\*LKF_C;/X'4$L#!!0    ( (*)
M6DQ6N082PP

M76^;
!3]*XCW%'Q-^*B22$VF:9
VJ=JT[9DF3H(*. 




ET39=S'7J= T9P3/DV28
MB;ZQ++0
)KG#!.=^4
2+QEF\83%03*LFH!;YD10),=,-EU0FR0D$%=R4IH
MD02@)0'8(DSH \TCD!=3=#K=&AY 2PONF[+] 5:.N&51UH58 QZ[H!647=
M=(506))AY88()9_1$C ZS\B)(%A;&K)A=8JH-;^(2

!9:$:$+$04(;$23
M3DL

M: WBQ#8(

'S5[%HX$  ! &P  &0


+801(



2) 4539Y!\(+K))8&Y)





@4CE61ZH<:P:H@ATU@TQE+\((UYDM#OMR
MH4HQ/4-CQ#30C'=0&


/W!Y\/NWW3
M/HB6\V.V
U]


M2WFU]D=[\]=F$;)V1B8WZZ9-D;F?-_-L\KS-Y.;Q[Y TO(S9!EY?OV?_HUN\

MF0;04P\2UZ +(G+I+V
(-

]9PSEK

M9HBGEVT&$\S0%.)1V7J0OEIJRF.N-%
O
M',N4JSN*BU7#H6Q(<359;2S9C6NO)[AL



MU9[/:N0/A'J*:OJ#?E!A82O8VX^IIVAO[Z

M\K&@+ S&ZK_S
Z\-O%=B.+:B5O8WV)Z4%LV8Q4AIV
OPK%K[O(SY7\/P #H&


^Z!K
M
;@G$
P4P


M:&5E='




M)R?+-(!6/0A/02
B

VXO
LAE-O5A&XPNB8G!^7D@1R4YB7
0$$&^OF
S$
M69@1[(6ZZC'Y-,IPO[F BB,KNUO 8HI #'^(2T-WE!/2DAAF8I+*0$A92





APGFORIK/W9
0S=3S^.Y$*LQ?:$-J








H06HX8%L4P)*I4:MR6%JY*(BL. L4?#
\88I

M;V^7@6JOC/F5:GMUV_4AT_;

M)3D(]9K*=];VJNU T*;KP[W^GX'%?U!+ P04     "B5I,R!M&=7@   @



!%
TR]:/0*
?6 DJ@
M6;
#7
X+FE][W4R.KK0T5)69]+2@8!F;; K
V


$%     @

!'!Z-:S)'M9_$FUU\
M/E11; L!HVV#M0


#]3^Q<F&F+UI;-!MA?MFBE<F



M:&5E='



MSN_JC]:[]G*F$AXX^].4JLY0@KP2*GIEZHD/WV#R$R)O
O\#;L!TNNE$
PK.

7D:0[?PK531/!1\\



M3.C$A X


MQGHNQB
_+A3OI]L
SU=J_@]02P
$%     @ @HE:3#BN=)?J 0  # 4  !H

MI

'V'V$X?!;/XS



MNWNH@D(


3 X+GAM;)56VXZ;




MZA?J4!=;?R?+P^7I=06#+

6X'C<U.0FU3.2:F9EE-H)VPSP&XY^U7]02P
$%     @ @HE:3!ES'01]

Y.4U]YG_<



MO* JJ1)'=E)H)D5F(LM
2A[SQ!(N8LL-D
5IZ+##0LR$!E2-@Q\JA$*JMX
M%T!%
[H$JALI90Z$


M&PQ




(H<^18 **\(%R%YA: E+++G=!<60SXJ;D
MV@FFE8TL@M=4

72?KD!JK9E

-# YY5^LD:5





TGFIT03(1@)OC)IX1P
M(H3OA.A30C01(H. QE)T;PY8X+)@='#8^._V6+U$_B:2W:]44#=;/Y/MX3)Z

;B*T%AIJ


F/8)MSSOVP+[[3

MN3FPDLH'7K-*O]EQ45*EIV(?R%HPNK6DL@BB



M]2%K%P(0A;BG
9J-VK$?84KL2:H0F(5DK[()9% THMJ&I )$I#\QLD!D
F




NTQE%#2\'%

MD5=!32]










M*B5Q..-UP





3$T+GAM;)55VXZ;


M9U4 :.^EXK5:^(76S9P0E1=0





E#E1W82:XDP1UDF!.DI&3
MY

MP#-

MO7JU+$;3DRI_5#LI:^]7GA75S-_5]6$2!-5J)_.T^J .LM#?;%29I[6^++=!

.1!GNX+?SYMQY[+^50=ZVQ?R.?2JXYYGI:_%S)3IYD/_GG@
MVWZ[JYN!8#X]I%OY7=;_'IY+?14




M4EG5?GJK8U6KO(^B4\G37]UQ7[3'4Q__+






;!Y?Z/


Q

#CL5=Z1Y-S/&%S!Y

3$V+GAM;(566V^;
!C]*XCW%GS!





0RAZL46O
M'(
T?-FEOF?W $^8#W9
]7_(.@#!B*3%#;LW[F;@V\6N71 XNP5VMU4(EN7N
MH5J'8C/;NP+$+SN'P'T;1/7-O1O-@]:S($2R')@.O;Q]T!A+PSG%P\BRV7

F.M](W)?=T-T;-0^M&V3^M.

MB5I


^&F;O9;+=V:=\4+RG:9S_.[9)





M

SA2/2+RT@//8$O&+$45!*%9(* PQ'8-:


U_)-=PH37SHBEQ3$

I)@5'[ZR7U!R3XJ#B[M'V8)'T45I@D  SW2
&



[*
M



M-6W_+EG%SW
?^6\;C^5N+]1&L)@=Z([]9.+I\-#*53!XV90U:[J2-U[+MG/_
M'MT5*%$&FOA5LG





WT!+7E7#I,KR51=W+
M*7Q85&PKU&LJW]M^%.T7@A_,F!T,L_[B'U!+ P04     B5I
^I2PEDX?


M+ND&Q.0\.*LK0BG+F:JR+;4D5YZ*CO

@*:=[


M1?+G/Y5_?I?-M^LX+8
H7007:9F4+\%ERH
?E_JF_*PS?Q0X)/P!?HG5<






PV_WJ[@(@S0N@VP91*M5]ARE

M


M%[V,9-54L(!UFX;Z!1RKR+81^1F2Z:S_-M[$ZL;6=4!5N.I%?-^\*'M^
M:A4UDIFE#Z=EG*]IF

E3#+=7M.!8T7JJ
$X60JJ8X9_Y[1W\\_'B$YSWU?O@ZOKBYNSN$A[X
M)MXT:F$([D;:S_X3<)P.%


MJN








MJ]O;;^3+YYXH(6?5SAVN&N0/;W?US;#L@@^BY:)8


KR*AWGD(P


MJ6LODF5S80 20&.^BE KK\HYP3/H&6@W&8Q#_H=-F-U.?XH0AMSK!;2

MDCF/U_=Q_J__TAMW?S2S\_;I3;R$+DV
1S!




MM6V_48__-4_*^#1;+G&?2[;T&1/&:\P)K4:$QED9O L$$W4*9%QADXNS93M'


MF


M3;!= ]SE




MA



M0LPI2A=J\)P4
4Z-(L



M_&X-RPMBNQ2B

MH++U)9X&]TK:


[NU)BH\Q.R.7N&1II4O87  3L'#A9 3-6^$Y !R$KW@-:T+9

MK11\EPL!527.^0HQWB




M7R32^

1DK



@AM

M@)A)D[QM_)^WF(^&RJFS!Z7!7Z)TB^@OWE=0^&'\149ZX]GM9[C #KDC3[N#
M
+A$!FCYH8VO/ UND5LFRQ?#X3RU%QY]AX=LK7SG+

&=IRS
M4':PX[Q%*2WS+!)?+G


M36%'
#/9%1SA]2@#;J4H03!FT(774;F& _3FV4&UJ^(#L-\MDV]X[WO*$I8E

TJ2P8$J+0#7E


H
6; PN!(*OPP^)0,*0)_/2))-@G)I
M)L.S@/$)0) 


M;:A?'&

M%1B+C7*-H54VH]!%*3AT8K.72$ER 43Y8&*0)BCD+R;7(@




LZ1CE&TWL5@\%51S90]Q6AV


;VLAF_% T?N


HF4#[;=$H,+'-B D .JAI9]'
MPD#0^!JQ+X:2;8WD7?$L(4W$N-&W<N]#OLB3NZ\'RBHO$%A@Z#XDE/C=3Q*

A24.ZDH  9EF_R:-*[

8D
3[NST
I69
4XMY8[4N*-88_T8O)EWU&0II&HE(5A
MKI&








M(!=E@F7B*+!
RW&E(
%(83C3A7.'L;YD!#ZVQCLB9/9MPO&#(+]BCCKYM

MPLW[%DD/+1& SJ9H1+502C6)]#0.)$A65HI/ZS*V_4!'?SPT$ 7%@

M7XCA0QE4Q6+HZ5]&PXW4JUXX7X


MMXC)%\_N/SSTU$9



M15QBOI'8O5M#*D&/OE=Z!B^=?GE



9TDM
 #H[+Z;:/XE0G




ME+0-E;=L&5AM!*-3[-N(D5\*79A QR#^ZD*9*)4CY457@1./_)I$DKR@_/]
MF3=ADP;\7L8NP2'\
(%P;UPZ$#BM-.(#)=G5
GI

R)=8!E%8)68UBCTSAL(W
C)JV208[F=WO3D;7 [!\T'3^6COD<M<7 <
MW[.!+H-=CV6F7

M]YCXQ1:NJBOEU=



+3:2^H#1DT\\1-NR.:

W$]' W3
:FD!:ZZ50O[6,HA
^)<P]V3+\D#/EX
M-IX((JX'GI:U%?GW+,S!WLP?=79 4RB]9*UIDD'4Q9AR<'7&4:^YNHF5]!9(
MZ
'65F=IQS TSR



ML(%F8$89WL?!J%6B\]5VOA%GF?H

M^!L\A;;+M\&9XPPU=N+\^ :



6$].4U&G1<-+Q?;! *1427<W+
M3SUXU8DPI=\2_U;SC/H]
.GI$
4\6


M+_^/D2'W4CR2I:W-I4&H=H&SP=QV03J56')7/U_J:[$Q)Z]V@VP[0A5/2MR

M;ITG58D1G
11U7%K02BOPI/1=\&35KEY%Z*@W*QJ ] 5?N0*$ :F5



6H4I$J:U)R%0%M-(KM'BR@-



V0S).U.$ZNHP
K2_ BN&*Q\PQ4&.T
M/W%CN(22Q6N2O07)_ZPFBJ%1XTYTR6%F=X*?&F&/!
/6['L9+MG
$PA(:LM

*U
EVS9OGZ
@*8NHK-JDP\.!EM*)0I

OG^]+_*)SQ/CL6A@R@;HSFM)V71D#Y=%3)V]YN#GEFLVH





G4!]()WFUC_^H,))HH!,ZV@YGF
MR2:B%G%ILE;W;N@+N==D0I:95MT[QOI66@+KU0+DK&K-XYLW3$2
7:2\%KT



9XX5!9^



$RBU;\F=5R)0)LT%==^SM%]SBUMNM&]


7#/



-4/T




MJ@%HF\O1


K)/IGI%!AQAC %PK*'WT
(#HA]
MD6!F
Y


MUN/GH)T R94PH-H;YCF)!#KQ@J@H*36#XSS-GM'(XKI(A/6Y/UJ?FN&H-]2O
K[__HOO<GPQPH]0RV^
M,:FJ5CJ:3?S6%S[]S:OM#:/E'6U?D!D2\K_2)^P2C[\X;J!N+KBA9K%N1D!

(:$-<C0
A+TMB+


*3=[-TD-N(31-@^&@0AE2L^_&2[$EPRRW;NME





M)RYD
M83]E5_



M(A2I
RY

5.3Q

M(D'+\MI36748I^%T@\3TK0.!CQ(I2 ;PS@?C$PV2G6$COWD$LZ[0VTBU&=TY


M\5BT=75/D@K)Z252


MHQ'

:)L4W=6!@*9[L

M6[\3+-TP;P59P;UO3L.I[TA*?+=L#L;8;D85@,Y7;PWZ87]X0S^'8:#Z2RX
M(V/S4=?3




M.AB$H]$8_YJ
 1+ZL!9

M2 ]&&0*0$'3!L@;A=-2#DU.#&(69K6RL(!WUAB.E/6)CRY'N$TN'VAMJ=\#B



PQ%1

6GV/M/Y4]DU1F%P(DFK(S)



^T?O-_^6/&8L1Z\Y

1F8L![K-;L^Q^CZCDD'#7)(Z M'+LX4RH$LR)J;(04M&4?YDK$
MH.N\@PZ&6O9$AR;2+I\31B
W'93-_K(GI9V0/)/X\%$KXLIL$K!HG%9-ZO&
M05*O* Z+DW04W\/'Q*P.!HW51B-X.(.SR52?PW+]L(M&^6@Z/P$SU&HY
M#1]-E2FI0(_NK.3?\W


E/5#D*
M*86*;/]MNW@PL)G&:'I#RY'&R=?2.Y\@
DR]Z/NAG-I,; 3C;5SSZDM34T
M -

E'NS]5)(6

M]D*=QDVB;



S0=BU1VA1
M*]8^NT
IAE&M


9Z]1:



_A&DI*V


28X!DPU&HP\'5)R[@Z7
M^XPHHQF?GU[K^+W2T@/**HY3S'NO:+]6Y;4*705

MRY$A_VZDGTZ1TWHMJ4#&'($6MQ)#L[-G\N\B+7

7[8_]10##6]


%J'G8L2NW#9
M$H=




JI2

M (LK3Y/U'8_B*]%*.!CJ

M34K;7
I9//;Y RL
_VW#LW4NK7@S-?XMCGLG6O!X(*NP'.F\U.PD_YV= 9

M/L$9N\.!]8H.QO#(#'VBZFGX

.9T


\K4


M\9_!:&(9C2T&/)B&(U#'ATAI9U(HSQRL3I^=CL()[!)4^Y&B^&.@T-T);G[2





M*LJNQ$



'5/O!U7]6[H/J=XTF@MA

MCOHS5-= BA[
6(L


A?#$
QWW\0A:&4O\(J$\X

M9?N,0X3_HK-]YJC9-'?L@W'J+:G@ ;^P @[UWC7E TMR= NP?-%U!J!%I:





M-

MW#EF6X4Q)%N?X +'4ZFA$A2$LQ_;!;.QB.8?SKK8HV .G$? HGHQ'#?M@E

MX:@[IC4


M;9#YM3MW
($+&R(7G_L/D20.8V+BZD3_KLG%

4R(B-%I)/0D]807:C(4:_K#U1_M[187RB3'%DY
MD0AP_$9FK!



MW27-I^56*.N(GK5^5MLOQ!GO
Q
F;





MD,$F.F0OIQ@-JCB7&+3J7^()ATNQ3J.^Z
NI4/
N*DRP/=.N]HZT+UX'$
M52FD-^S+^+.N9XYI*8,.HXSHA7YG.(4M#'EYH+-,X-.YN+JEWKZ-(NN'XXFS
MP0[V;1K/_6[$_JU-QW1][ IEG!F/8S=[073V8ALOY]3%WE/V[6MV#@T[7@$


.DWF:IM94IEQ477QB_FVY

S\)N3$//#


:=<@@3STV^BEGW1PU*X!2+
M:/CO:YG52S(F$
H0OMM3=
4QZA+L6V\]$V4N')SJF%DL(S9K%!1C8;*3(CQ

M:7O5@X$90YR_%@E]G)R84-:2*HT03WRQG5.: !]6[RT F-J/
!,M,X66/2(
M28/CU0F&N3Z!FL?T(UHLB.#;X#UK%:1@V!=#0M:@8Z^W:['34\ ?]!C.G33



/;1SO7RC:N/115)8/1;7^[1_N6=.3D-=0BV5


J=^%

6/+2S_:L*4%B2Y=0!4JJ*LI&VDXQV_:TR6J&




MD.6

'OHZ31:]X]1=C2LX
MX!+]1B.(8R00V.P[*S@JY&%*CM=+4082$FNM(N8J3&:MKT:NDABGL:16.PS
M8!WG#S&BNI850^5
X\^KY!];\\DH5

6*A<']08VN,GGE@@92F#R92RUCRQJ

Y/B:RSY<&MG


M4U
:HF)

M[2H';J!*3L.T/.






MJT)GWNB-:'8LC:EXN%J(M:G)83#E1A4:BH,?K]]D2*8&-'A^XQNMC!$;S@\
M4[AI+ DP_1FG ?5F@X$7P\B[]1\D6W7*NURB1E L6][U&:$F_AA*WG8MZU3
MMW)OK43Z!_9-C%IG:!$'3:C.DN%&A_!LG=#J\6S+'7&(-.9 A0?D:!PSJ.4R

40($7&B3(@


N
\EAW.B

7A@GH= Z3
7IVEP8P;9OIMK^M-M.K\!9
QILR-FWW2-5 QFJ+FI1:;!-$@9TC[2;(EZL1;]\+$!W+)A=);1^
(
M4P+%%7$*[HW&C*-0[B_308/:!E('0$]O5]
SD;XT#U*L.'/@%YO3Q@!$!-

?;S6<K^[BGLI754]L1
MNV%B5AE'Q31E?<__V(.9UBMAH
L2Y(__1.7_FP8/MH%F'L%RS:'W'[ IL5J

$)8H\@OZF4XHV




 U8(#

'U3;!MMQ+&_Y\

M216ZHR^




M]$CT'N












M '1^@

=RDS$76N:6IOUJB

V2_]2H.N


\[T6


MYV/DG.]T+)BP5@(3










M:N74]O




M#\U4F/%3M!-2+V%1PV[O^

5=XS9928\7NKXB(YI;J@Q8;UM(Y&*K







M@@85YJ\;9





MV'D63C2[4]I]6J4+5K]S^
.V+IHU7GCY/'*'B UP6Y
1&UM:I-O


V;.A68F42T390L@A@
A=@54BDJBW(
MP-8W[]:\ZS IC113W

BBS;'17J$*UF_





M[\A1T)M@XVOX=]H9CN7SE.)BKRNM/VR4-56RL/A.[ [M)?:F;%T4(^LMS0DX



I

MV0 L@^'#AQ5U.[
90U$GN%86E;6?YF*(0FKNX)8H1*&V[Q-QV^N61HX@*U[
M6[8\_IKH*7N)3


0$)R
&SM%SMH#I:$X?]BO3
Y&@

&*@FM

MR455AY&:&[5M\BJ;;5V8;'0?DZN&W? 5'TH%]*@&&4DQ9.&E&B  TMB46R).


=^2.DB
8NR!]/#! UIG3J^+\#6:2$Y.K&;!-J_B
M\=0HU:JH
P&L@3 UA05#\MM4FV]T/A\KP!C52DGXL!EFS)*DNL()@$B/A]




MA3(%3V2Y$D9JMA%7+7/DJF5BNPMF:


2G);M(!H
M//[:M.O

MX%N3W2Z

?3?24F5WNTUMUA($

T'@1=Y.NLY
'W
WRS%\[@\6ZG.S1?#7'FZ9B^G



MXNN\%??7=

=L.L*(%S[!I!)
M. 2NSRG-QG#ARD@,#L.CFA8XI/]63@=D/@^!H?T*!W$@
D&:=PBM?*:']


MN??: /B0G?3IF=-5B261P'[O]5Z_==ERWJKVB@.L31YCH\#(&AZ%5TQ-.^:4

*HZ IN?= ]L2
+Z?ST
MZL/%AY^OH=6/U]?0ZOD5)R)A&3\@JRY=X&A.O7H'UZP)365?V[':WK:MPGS@



M%#*Y/(\E\HA+]F&Q*'0(WA!YROE

'S /?VO

Y6GJGO

C1


ZEY =Z1.C+


FTU\SBJ7+RD]-_I'*#DP0$S39)AYE9K5=)[5S+M=&-TY
M9A[JXF@F+7S 'HF#Z@G12E+8!A](;


*ZB






MPJ&V\B-Y&!!@ #!KD^ ?(&?XV!IJDE#J1^D-;YEW&!Y*P8 EG.W)CDEO4D

M4

Z(C@69


M__$V@
MESSIPN%=K4+
7;'



A%-5TIHLA#E@%;@UOR#ET')A?$2JVTS





M;*FMXF*8$E\!C2[#(

MJ3R(G:*?T:YU?!T_HA;.^:DEVVFH4Z*_=UJ^7]J*O^*U28X-A; NDDK1RY

\MQ

$
GU48=_G=S=-2RY9

MS=JL%3?5^2B^+H[)!S$*VY@AVM!Q5C47_W.? R%=U:

\0 .WV29DAV VE1S?SY1/

MQ\Y*GK
HR(

MF)).^;!+M&O38=#T?)O1&RC9 E8AM

MPBPJ.@QM(L-)6)/I\HF$L.@&;HA?BVE]@@5G&$&&*#
7MU](F0FZ WR2'R;H




PGV0)(2/83P@*

D-VCX_RYK^=^DK.4.V=S)#P$7\@5T_ET.\[]K

C2L5 P98%GN(6(KPOTLWD_7


[;]]QO








CPOW[4GJ=IAE0+$^AVW^W*789


M_0V^06/^T1T

E
AGB


;4S6W
P2P

XK@9-'7;!_NI2P)CW'6
M-Z76.OCRF7P^::7M[#6259;
I_-S]V$Y\J![M6*XL^FM7Y%/,Q#Q]2PQ3%

M7T3VSJ[X;[9K:EF0&CC]7X2NEPK
%:;WUR&Q[_ V=]NB6\W3L/6T-MN4#Q
MVQ?;5AF









M.T_@H=B.('7
B4'

B(HB24S5BV!J
M- NVP$V7CQ,6^<@$821M0-CU_+&598:3+(P;0!D73XY!^X/&A*3'D2/3#


M+O5\77*HX5\N$&P#Z7T]E7

7@'2.*.


MGWQ5TB.V71ZOT?M[MH9XH!X
# O=-2MZN#/^-L; 3
+)2'7B)IB!S1:@GF!&

JM4_)UA3&2=T2Z.&
@



M;X)9(:;4.#TIT[Q 5


E_Z1

JHH&


MOQX+Q:SQY ]QJ_V;JD:1Z]E %3OLGDOEW1*[ 46Q^%I$554XP9CE9#TE7B



M


MJ2
5@RW57@K6ZGPA3Q44B2


M

MZ:4PF93[_2
DTK0CD2+&7CH8TT_HA(
L.20497WX-!\D$2+O20AHL-58S(46
M?Y@


MO
K_0DMG$(M.D#+EQ^O/QG4Y)_./YR_O?AT+<4(/OUR
M^B&ZQ%H$'S]<[W3KJ0-'3&RW%&!FG#GJ9^-AMZPE3H9N]5A--ROEILGW@$0


R3UH0;V.L@QDG


QH






BP^0
ML]$CQ!L+52 %*RT

G9Q?O+C[]/3I[]_$::YCAAU?G'Z]^/OUP\;]./UU\_!=?;S^

Y
7DXJ)A1H%8M0JKF;TSYE9EOE$C][6QUNWG$

M#3&UY


M5


^8!P+ V^5%

M*) I^9C2KOH'5$Q=X17!VTE(\'P2T4?SQ



ML.I/K3AMP\YP)OWLS)]$MT KI:7.$D:3=B1?(M&=?=6
#2E2






M[1ZQL=WGI:NGLQ$AB 4/AD

%](1HW&'L&]_
MXY!X0W;IJ-NIFT.OX@N17H[A
16%B=VB8L079^*RU;_2B:.PG9
GQ%6(EB%I




ACZ6P4H;GB=/J/

31DWKB?(30*7FO.P(#9H%

\3JBZZ1&61R/_-KY5E4.@N4Q2I#$/A9GD0S1_X8]C\_%H3%:Q
M$2&ZZ
?OR%@7U!NZPRNH] KZRJHR&A8).MA'6+(
Y+AG[\+







MZ!6IYZ@HH'96DR]+@^)%9V/C[8$+C7G^CS4\/@7AZOXY
&:PKA9
)[#N
*QE




MQ170LQSH3H54-

%J5Y]J;?%SXNOS(29NUCXF*
SEDBQ9N$8



MZU%=AD-
!W3T3PU2[A;236H/2^&_M2@1ZX=P%40YU 5..@;D5@W^EJ^0A/

XS




MM&PHF02AVNYK


M46]6:Q=G?3YAZ!3W-0&G+


7$(5L42^9C7 U#I9+)U\;6!\BPO*@V'ALR0Z?VN8:E6@-P?5F1&#O:<





4[7;/\KB [X:KO<



5B;:)?03R;:TR0%_
H_98BKU&BJ=DW?@.:II8%U





M$3VO&D?# O^O/*@XZ%OS.X*!VGK8$'

(T7Y2)$ *Y11G519EH
P/4XT)
MNZDY;;\AL.EQ&@UA0

G

MY4!P*!:9X5T#=[6H+QZ/UJ;(+C0ZBP^]2\7'(GDBUDB5.#UMO*44[QB87VFB

M=

MJ 

Q=V_Y;
(14

#9&AER8F[\\3

1I1!:D!T#


L$&1V:%D@,CJB*<&
M:U_R;[HW^EUIOA/%9,_<U(M -CNTO=Q2LNF:=H]3[&D'Y58W:L[S5@O$) ]







+ )5A8P
MN-F7!%\BN7BDI!U=N8Q@S$ 5D) %UE=DYB$*Z1N?IFX:/^=P/6FV%=GT]UV
M


MR1T\\&&
B(F849Z


OGIK5X^7^<#7 G/-WLHZXL5#3E=K78CE:NI+

K!8F;S^M.3)?SZND^2!+UURWGT]/??UF@R[!N==Z
46XQGBF^?
)
M9^#; BX&G1?12FH&M

K$+H53[-TS+4??


M/.


W2'$#C
M\*#L?!R#SV6$[E!JGQ
S#E!:7@N.]&=^XAU&8/RD0#T1*  PPUS2R[;F\PQM

M0'NV]-_XUO]Z^-:A.8EL!\-B5SM ZNI$3D^$1$T1DT@(+/&M

MNZ6)WN  AEGB&*

F<EJ






M.0%8FM?#Z




M1D\#$QU3;;+UU*+'B]H0T#QO]J0SM&DZ.H=I #%[*)1=@N.V6R:'UONWFV
MC9MGI622&

M(GD8;B3)\5RWAZ6Y^;-++_)$S1U+L8:'.Y2G4='Z7P=_*VJ7)S$ 
C(Q
6

T+V\*I
M2E


MH/T@M@NLK7X.'C2
R2$]S/QC$Q#H.2\BX$[L0A
M$CZ_PX'
M::NH*_.\&N

MNPUV

?







[&_
M&=J6NB*]6NH)AM0\?U/6)+&X-RX,QW[A\3 L'%KTFRP4H+O??6\^S#9-^)

&-%BJU1;+84Y%Z+@NK!W9TQ3DOYN:6E9RBY

V(SW!71P4L3BOK:-7R\6MR2'H-PZ

M0?T:-J!

M5! ./

1

MC#


M:MO8Q Z6*R)SETCC&]5V5,]ZH@KS\*'MASHT8MDD/9G;0Z?AU=WX+BA:OR


MTZEL_!$]NR

M9BFL1LPHLTZ-MY




[+,P![<S_V'#Y?MBRR7)RY(,HBYJ
MRL'1J1/=<G4-]PL&2 /CPDA\$\B^W'ONFVU6J. FMDJ_V!S6GU'4I'*U'I5














*^7O'IN^#M7IO+/KB]V[_D5\K



?:M
ZQ


Y]4*M%?G/K#:JK

[0!1X:;DX+KM=K
:T6=-M#;
M:Y2
Z23WK1GVXM3@T*P1U+A:MX5:S_ 7#[CH 6AW2*.]KV55WT]6+O*:4Z]B

 /*HQ%
B5


+BN<L=FU.RU]$CW9L#Y^&)% _K%X/T

F



MWJ

RF;Y.J+D&*RG$O4
R

M%V00O=G4X=;I2=0H!
ZV@YYN9T\X3DQY?#3[KO2%W&LR!'-:95JT[T]2I\]!






R
MBE5IMGBI2*W;X^_EZ?Z[87F

(;CYWT4R!
M%X1D/N8NWL

M\Q
;:I! :YJ*+][FZ3[GEO;MZ-ZF5_6^I+
7.1BK[XVGZ EX#$?\/0EI$DMF

M72$*Z#JX2O)W0 J&@\M:&IUJU[8U6\

M67^4UJZ@;32P?T+@0*1N;2OR:0AY\TL]I;#_TQ (OQ6-]2@%9T(W@S^/
/$'
M:2BL=48.

M023_=T0H?#
!


5_)

M91ASLG NV)K


\+JXWQNM)&NY[YO_GT.ZT['5%6=UWT9V#9(

ME:8;X

M]&Z2KXA76B
HOV/X.F&
+.?+^^?( 6['6WV2;#?T5LZV!Z





MQ)UENVTX)NVK54$5#77UM.D






M5*IB/=H(&:JXOL



PB@4LE^G&Q%R1J9/D;'F83F?JD&3]^JC



!4
HC*-R:H_G41J/AN




NR$2P=Q0!U-)/@CZG
M+]D666X0-P@2L49CRY#CDWV  +;E$?5ER0GO.8AQ[M/


E'O-\




M!BG 4H8F8&S8Q@XFR4[FJBQ#TO\CA-LRUMI



M-JO
]!Y9K#'^;%T



[CFN'#

MW%T7U)-A7\&3172@7DE9X8]A

M9)_$-(2%\RPLF/0)X=5QVS2E@ZC!97E]P]:2/!*_\]ZGP(BQ%A0CTO;8


M)+CE+@WKR3T -_]3[UPF:[

P*^-A1
M28V?N6A^[S;T&=M Z?#9; 07 0A
A:\7




M('+5'!8Q)WTG2XM!U;.C[9_
YC/@#CC)(=#A




-NF9R-02% 0K9WS3Q?2/'Y
YS5?&[(
M$3FMXE%2D5T&] E\C&G


?!T='W&G C(J!OM#(6D&]O



) H)+''# /5NR;1](!&YMAO$R!&D9Y$&!#4GB/$W([Q17

MS^Y5+[P.HQY EI:*'NWX!_3$@MZ11


\TS:!W'CZH#(CRPIZ(5L

I

 ;M39P@?..4!^  _/6IRL5&&



M:P1XX('S)5Q;XDM\/B0$N;72UKHA#6
B)6S APV]AD @^'%C.IRB50RTKE_;


RV[=(5SV+M#=._G5TSLCNJ#12
MOC*FGS-1N




;
'(8[7BTB7DI?W


MV8+FT^+LM


MBV2+;]R+E6^'Z=*?OQ6?N5#LM&\?\I24+]J$
K6S%&*J1[T8431V.AQ4XY['









M

M8.2T#

_X'E;*V

M3_E#K47B#
Z=G; HE@[HS=



C,0@ZN4@MS=KUV4H*4M!1R
M
4[B:CPF8#/X=3SD!(3Q



MJBJ)BQQM4UD)4F-1818;K.-HE+!F$31BS:JNB1R=LOG(2,)HFST9,WOK*&
B((=
MGTY,GK0@D(+4#-(Z9$:FY6P$

-J(
M4_AD@$=#4F*.OY




MFR 4N29 C\]@P O)G W$%,8+H1J^R!-%I1=!;^,[P+Q1#N=+9KK]YN:#40

94-G!*[[$(-89/^P68 74-CJ&84^;9GE#;2

$
]^2BCBLXA&I
M3T


^X?H RL3-Z.WP9'N9%HITU4

P
MT!'I=J]N[5Y6H))=;3OU((QC\DO
3LL;Y

UG75G

-$5



M^K!2IQ-*<I_$)59/06S_F_<#:4
M/)HG&S:LLKHY@F^)!5@GPM.-OX2^YU;?2[7NIG\/HH5@VPNX;4E^I)PQTD5H
MU$!_F04(?QEY2&A
F3N

!E3*7Y;M.A_LC


$(@IPA7?*37?ZS\RH''!

MN


47^ 6(6J7Y!#P.LL#MJZ52S?B$QT8US* <AI#4D#66BSP9\F]7@?

M!\6A(@9PC]B2 10]OQ


M
WZ-Q?SC$'.4X@BN8
M,OYOKB
XBR]R7D8T\IQ7*7;9+D*@Z_WP
S@U0O^-7G8@!2 7 T_]
 ^YBF;

445U-(ZG






/);V@_G_TFG
?BX5Z+X@Y
; D.@@[H+%1CL5 W.7.6



M1L 3\&
K*46FZC)7'P:D5D/]=\8CH_=V.:SRN#[YUW%S]\\+I/
R

M[&X




MPOX) AD0P4%^2J

W'DK!Y




NFF+F %

M5FZ

MRA33AO7L6
R%URTXP85#'_?@
\T#UZ-
CRK\W8\#%)K%4V&8S^1JF:Z6I44M

LF4

7=8!H%*
M9./:25MDK


M(*U3TV?.4V8NVHG4K%72+JO/Y_) YJGA.V%$VM^:
R=3




M6[K=K16@+ Y)*H'HMC*\'-/#N5*6+PLY.&3=8!@U8]O+KRG\$2 )V?

M:76VAAJ-!=;2X-&Q8(X+HI6A\K1XU'3)3?8]+9$ RQVH2)%'02E.I5S7)T'J
MZ(^T=.=[0_AHEL8I9M$+ZB

-I^ J
NHDS7B#SFR4&4_Q 39+<*SP$0L=Y/-=<H/*/J!BC/Q)O@*
M%Q 6:9[JDR:F^PKC\?H+S/LSQ@8!STQ#SDD2 PHF'89P@ZC#^D &ZL-1T/
M@-XR.1&-:7?8_G 7!/^.#0^GLR(F9J0&X_*'48\GA7:3%E#):VON+I.!@
MTXYX]$1)U[


8T13CO\VTRRHQZ2O*

MPY$YHIFHYQ[Y!&AY




.5[477% *$V@1$S6BYY^*


MHG0ZSY?2A..R/;*RMF6XWYNQ]2*+X QNI.Y)H2T]D*+!IC.E([R.
BUU9.

3(P/<,XX+GJJ.#G+)]IXM#WO;D1TI$I$]$9-0/QP,$
MD)P)-(Y/F P7*\M3S'&B.4)9;I]XFJV]ITW7<WG9F;P N/!@;QAJJ8I$M7(






@M@
&WF99\@INT*'


)NS2S:S+FRZFCD37

M)ZO;(RAZA+]0'7@T-AMZ$+&B
6K\O1AFEL2MF?%;G&#O;B4W5O\]UR&_QM


D+K9;4EU
M!V0;;FL8I'=W/$H\)L5]\BWUI)[A6RF!*:%10H@V3*ZGYHM# JWAR.YYHK4G




M(
CGS&; MT['_'L






G




M;
(?V0T:

&GW'

L*BZ$GWP
)+I:4(^W.-R^0[GV+A; AF#YL
TBDYBWT#(6Y)K]UHH

H5!L

M1.;T26L:ALQA862!X?PNVPI44?Z4
1G(@S9Q\]H*97/YXT^*R*XR5+DQT;GC






?)#:[E
WV:3

58&
(2)
ME)YE'(?2?QV5LA&UJ]7Y&*IF-]RLAVG-
[&Z
B3(=/5%M?%:9JQ7B;K*K8B(


M?-?(86@4% ]9]Q@RDQSAOPL*8M:M'D2N.1DF!1SD7'JJ4\

HG5/

VP4=A-?H3+UB^6VP?&^5)H@0K4-8==W+DUX)T2F-*&JE*?$H<
MG\!6):]]5I):?3F/V-9A(]J4-/;$V;=:&TRCDLHAPA1$NC(NZHU'+*H=H6_9
:WS

MZ:-S(QW4

&21V?D&4;R*7;5ZEDS5

X\&F59;



7/$]%4[(._- Q:Y0I_8-!#?UAK:#-]2=I$
M\AVT*#EWA[+,Z6RQR?EGU)1YR]Z07QC#U1JCR7D*0CBHU-!VIIO79F?[R'


M&H@[SJZ4Y;\7'

VO[6MOC:$S<7A&+^8AZ]Q?U.N/G-/_94WHD?+4!;=I$[?=[XW<




:X$9]N@60J9



MLT!]A







O!ZPI%985KAF&S\R(K[K%RSBZA_/R8J7L.E.M[*L_GN8JDPL!W_]0RYHP3
MW



'YVY

MZ6;J*^V\/4K#X^OJ3[$!0IZMGX)68?F:BOVJ$ ($]-UPV9IYJXK@#NTRU62I

R2O)?8D(;:0)YK^X+
&JYG73Z5D2P-\NR(]@)W
MYTCB[MCJ'P.!N.GU4*G0N;A!X?=:0


=+4_[HZQ

_^T
 H8E*1NN%

.4?

)H7*(@'1IW@NLLR40O(@QI:F&)


^
M'8MQ;S:MN-=CN49#?QOB]OM7
)KTAE/L(8YZ+ESC1)$
/SQ^-*KHDJH%_DEU
MN5J&9ZB9



VPR.UUN5HD5F;U(=ZQZ]\^HLR7)7OMPK(LN
WL.-(_\4]&LZA@)A$Y@

MR O9B\G;V=7G2+#QOJH\QCW7QY(6G&E=G)P'QZ6ZEU37L=+@H 1Z(R_HI0UM





CO@8

'





_+J9JJ'-'O)]8AG



M-N92_;_B:##C[(J9/#'H^?T2Q'*?A#OP61
'O9EK8:LT&;E&J]BM/?'G@_24

MLONSP2\
HB

EP3
MHZ*YY_32*S4HAS';+B

!D/XN#E=ZE$YA



N6K\0


XPZWU==!+9I#BCG/LF_:;TOX-C)B
MQ'Z7YFR'W@$J,X=B-[EMO,^<=)FB$R]4?NH/G#V66C0GU%I L6OYE9 /8E<





8Y
M

=[,V_K1WQ!0P -ISLQ&OZ1W93((Q-N9FO
M][ ]7Q/
AN#;867B.S\G9SA]Z& +5\M;REL!O2#'AP998XKRG2WNJ [ Z&K
M(S._R'8WV]O=B.4J4''7)JQTAK;-$8C&RE
W4T3:*V1WOVM*29?^L5;$EQH

N





K6#AY8())
*J1-1QIUOD6R
+A5$A5UG85W.^\6KX5J#TKD#+6!Q@!X23E&@-2MP9IUQ<@C^%
M4&7/UJE1N%!D[0]&N$TH+Z;(7*H85%/&QS443A@D5HZBBZ6]:IEZ-JBUY,:(
M*5E(04H-=49E&-H(&'NT3_+79(.[2)!;8V])'R.KHC;-KBNSO6O]4G*7S7%W
M:8<'\:*4KJ3^E)OMB-*WC0-3!0DM2K](&@&&G:0I6W]D=$XN

M:-/[QWS*_UGQ\/+O)9=OE6W!KZC1_B^?@

MY+_N2:\:
CJ3S





M!&/


KRZ:/[YJ]5C^VMZ\%7)=

5KK(RYT^












MQ7A(
1ZS8I9JV^SQ7GQ4Q=;(PTZOC[!U65D?4DQD'X_9/G_7TE3*9$_V02_K


M:J$ 62CH

M
:F$0B2AD%E&)-**$02IDEA#&IA$(DH9!]H !H
8BHA(DH8A]H !I,3@7
M=]*88QH^%DD4$TDH8F]IZV#^;&VU[FP^HIA(0A&[A#J87Y25T%IG^M@:W,%$
M$HK8)=3!G*@'98S:B.?M%!-9*&*VT&^8U]*Z:*W$LOW!,6U-B)%HE
VNOU^

^RJHVM@-K3VWF$D(4B9@L]
M8X[M8Z







M%

*9Z0ZW-D(@B8=4#@GU6'V$@9-.Z!P

M


















MW-UNVC 8QO%;03F=B.U\9RH]V7:Z5=INP$L
1.1+MMO1NY])VTFKF-2I(/U/

MHNOG@K$U_3+'[;O9?0@3HM678ZCBPK5-%$9=)-ZPP^N%I_.P[MN#L;9KS7]%
MF[;;KC'MU-P/84GL9FMTZ_;&^*&/W5Y;TW[WMAMWSWGOM/5?]1 *BV
O_IH0



M4F1-*;*F%%DSBJP91=:
(FM&D36CR)I19
THLF8463.*K!E%UIPB:TZ1-:?(

MR%I09TILI8464N*K5%UI(B:TF1M:3(6E)D+2FREA19*XJL%476BB)K19&U
MHLA:462M*+)6%%DKBJP51=::(FM-D;6FR%I39*TILM8466N*K#5%UIHB:TV1


4
M !B5I
'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E
M;'-02P$% 
4     !B5I
9O


4     !B5I

4     !B5I
?)W.\(%  I'0  &               @ '8



4     !
MB5I


  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4
M     !B5I
G56




M4$L! A0#%     @ @8E:3/VS@LRU 0  T@




4     !B5I
QC6VQ[4!  #2 P  &0

M Q0    ( (&)6DRQMC1MLP$  -(#   9                14[  !X;]W


MT@



4
M !B5I
+_&N';





4     !B5I




M3)&CT#.V 0  T@

O

4     !B5I
V'22N[
!  #2 P  &0

M   ( (&)6DQ6'UZMFP(  $
*   9                1M2  !X;]W;W)K




2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     !B5I,'81 +8!  #2 P  &0              @ 'J5@

R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (&)6DS^@ K

M
S



4     !
MB5I



[P$  &8%   9


M%     @ @8E:3+!^LD'& 0  -P0  !D              ( !XF   'AL+W=O








MFW


4     !B5I


4     !B5I


M6DS'9O8M[ $  /

@:'9 @  , H  !D
M         ( !L8@  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U-2YX;6Q02P$% 
4

%

M4$L! A0#%     @ @HE:3+'/I1A& P  8PT  !D              ( !3Y(



0(  )D&   9

M@HE:3

M='

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     B5I

M;6Q02P$% ,4     B5I

4

*T?*=A(#




M !D              ( !R


M2P$% ,4     B5I



  !\
   9

M%     @ @HE:3 -&[A-Y @  
P@  !D              ( !H=L  'AL+W=O


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     B5I
%:M(VT  #/





M970X-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     B5I


P ! 'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970Y-YX;6Q02P$% ,4     B5I
D'HT*N
!  #M!

M 0(4 Q0    ( (*)6DSDI4XH\P$  &







#(N









O









O


 P  ^Q$  !H



M%     @ @HE:3'&RHKO3 @  $ H  !H              ( !H$4! 'AL+W=O











M9W

SL^!EN @  8 T   T

&UL4$L! A0#%
M  @ @HE:3/1<+NA9 P  T$4  !H              ( !K7H 'AL+U]R96QS

/ '\ ?P#^(@  8$
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0000931336-18-000006-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( (*)6DSM6\O?^$(# #;'.@ /    9&8M
C Q-S$R

M[+U9E]M&LB[Z?

[WV]EDY(+O56Y-5LGWZONQ%D2@5VBRB-DA*




M_A+^_P=8=:__2SL;]@;Y\W_^^# 8//WR\\_AK9_Z2?NG+]G7G\=O_HSABU]%






M'+YDI.7:66^0?!_\D
**O0L?_8W^\Y
+/U
^ CHX'3R'%\I7TDYX[3Y-\A^*

;/BS\R_HTGV%)99_97@0'YP($I
M^+5$4X3*CT_?F_E TNM

M8


:DZZ?!7A5Q@=C/2QQ&G-R5X ^F'(YK4G
MFQ^:[* *V66H0K:;*F2'5H5NA)!+8!7?C57\&%8#4/7?8P?LO^\&\'TAR(G_



MK7W*CM;#0C;!]-&#Z6.'0WP?9=DXP
=6@^=.MNYM1QMH7+N%W%MK--;BM*G7

MQ=WLX0M4U7OXWDWD5H


MVXYX#:R-[^^3]N!3W@)&A_?G?LRE\&[HN9.89/ M27H?DZ]);YC\;9AV0F^-
MU[W1QTURG^6)[G7T_2#)/V5/:9M'_+)PNI



_6.P<FT;.
+
M!$!Y8



#XIE*D]7\:?!\/7B^1+_W

(#_


#S


P[F


EA%=F



M_\P)=C5\

M

-
.VW)(;)[//IUW/^1+ 1TQ%7+*3O/2HK'&2
M;]%)/L*17^

(-Z<^3=G_EL?V42O$#^<+JQA X=/W[*;#@OO8'#1$Y7
INUZ0?:4C\O.=G9X/!=JITYXQ'-)M?J9-J^::EQY46Z



M8ME)J(UBN77%4F\



5[Y-6GTP
M7($'/D_^9YCTVL_+OV_FR?['8.WRM/=EX8M?][XF_4%XI.)SO
UZR?/;5OY7
M



LV'JNF%JW8IEMXJXF]\OEU!(UVR7NA20-MNEV2X7[XXU



M%IG:;*+KMD'-)FHVT35LHJ-'\@?9#X?+
5_*/JD#9D^45+X-+-\\\.HM9MZ(










IN






*RF[$9R@QNU0!@I._%(+EKH82;K B4WM-.W
M4O5-



MR:!BLG;K!20[#A2V@5#JRB.[$JXJ](=.AS
MU(M@%=^-5?P8K&*7P2JV&ZO8
5@E?D.7P*J==55$CE#-0BZ!50 3L1NJU!%T
MU45

-;!-)]0
S:FN6ZFN0[:\(2^8:
-ZZP-
MS^TG+MZPN 
V)H&H^'^&0$C@;-:#?\YC2;?;P\=A%Q[MN.0^[24=D_3@+X/B




)O

M_]'J#A/S//GKWX'UK;S]\/PF^9K






F@E7;_?
BZ2;_535SRU
J+V\UW@RP'W3E(\EYQ[[G5_;T7KC_W0-EW


M/&]UB[8[_;ML.'A(6OT![





MEX:-6M4^+0%3G6^
-0TA#J).+Z(AQ)7MD\5H^ -0T 
1/Z1/_7]D:6_P![PZ
MS)O&83OOFATYV^RA

U^











MQ&;]P65@





YA030/&P/AGG:^Q+2


4?U

RQ;


UGJ.
MK0/;



MR6+??!;[ZO=#@]PK!



;+U-+)7I+::C



MN :^V_[V6MX62%[!W!O2OJS1OG6%;PVU;QU&K!U2^S:(O7;$UD''+GBXX.]W


%?4M*VL?E7X]5O



D'F[(L4=]BQ<YJXW:.(?:J%5N

RLMU4P.BLX/HW)HH





M(*I+/A%^8^_^G^.5K'R5Y8O(ZQSVT4(2AU2BGBI%
:*2?M:!'((AP#/\*G
MEBUC\BN+BQBM;WN1**6)TXXB$2




#\//X,WY;M8:S*]F%'_A
M64&^$K,:%[&@H:1SBB0*%$Q%CQ6R @J&(]FY%BX.(B1:/3?[
IF?GY^71^3





(
MK&






@3Z(T@CC3



9%2/_2QDB



1B1230H
S.P:DI
2P11)5A-4LC7LN\AAD+@;8
MLV0B3PQ2RL5
O0?=AY!&-K/521M9,:@681[(-R3E
M-
$5UO:(*2_'2)7],VDGZM?6Y
M6Q0BONZ!XPL^;L71W\1O98CPCF@F('I1CF#C2BL)FHJ;KS1FJ6O7-
!B%@G

J.+OH2YAF/8?@A$:&9_=)!'Y



2P4C.$$^O*C_3?
MPE+*$ JL^*CT
6V/'PD.ZP9VJDC%'D6




9[A7TGH!S


@)


ERDF3N
H\A#?
M
C/U_.@J\+W


M+/R0]I;)$&



M'\]YF6

&


M3L_&A7=9K[/XE45SRL^MD&#-'L


MWP3/-A@F'
X




M2RKM _NA\V'2F7[AYOAZ^S8_LT0;H;V3D6-6B1@S%Q
WR;0*%B_7.7)$] [+
M'Q/\]Z35'3Q
G*8_L_RO)._/ D/FWY-GMFC*8$4RG,?L5C3F*,(:4Y+5U#8
M2%7.1$]LDETO.\2#T[ANBNIQ@N%E/0*_'X&;AULVC(!Q!W\JTIA-+U0_D(*


J3TG=_



, E!O=?YZZD_GY7S.^PK:?]Z+2$<(L]/.8E,^#R_)B8?#V
M5B3)U(YT+BYR0N0 +&&( $8]24HG8_2O=:V/U_EZ''LD
(0JX
 YSAUSMBPL


MJ?)N







[O/[;^$$L=7[*Q\^#=K/'Y-'




M+^D1/YN0$PP[3!D*U\1ESDSJM2I2GZ[
P9E5. ]N''F)4?D\[QCIU796-F



MCU?-4SM3_%B8-8B_!)UT/EE:A


M


SYZ:__/
M$(@.



&TMJ)(P!V?BAG*
*N9'SIZZ
MOH!+$.V


:Q
67=

M1I#6
9D

M0GQ:)_WR]1Z=\!WA
JU7^5 458PGH6VX3N\0



EKZNY\E!_=+4LW'Z[10Z\

IJ2_8
5C
MPH%+=EB
#?Y']KFOVX/L/LA[YF98D6(;WS_=.6F

M&PZQ/-65I
8K2F:.#G9;W!84/76303(^)QYEHGM?DK0WOFV\..]T4M]7%!)O
MS8]US6&QXS&7


S;3

M*DSA1
YTMMY$VI@#O_?RR3D 

4#=/6PW\SQ]
YP$9.TT

M&2
H5NH.4PGG6$A!*BD'T2TB15;+W1,[C^3;C?[=MY*HUAI[1BU1&B--
B
+^R7<K]\:#V'S:)['7@E!U]WYAS,[G7;D8#[
MX:4FX(<H@6/+;.EO,RE=Y2Q%1%R-(Y4]UG8PDM;=?HPM1]Q3@IV1CEG(SH)


MD;:#K/PTW%@KZ)C&0F(MO&


M)T\?KFU1XT




7_P-OP!/ZR;O&T-!OT*


6+@#COZG;

$):


#O&\!G


0G[IJ1U3Z*3/&#+W'3
:2P$ 



&I%22$IR(!;1OM;##


.8U

M*:KE1/:QKE OI

MQL*8F335QA3CZCD*0^
9E*=GPJ:@#QXRX




DK#AA=+$S8BP??@I1\EKML^'EP/UQ2.[97

(TDI6C%%!TU6!BZ[4=D*@-9[N1@_! A+@H L2R
MR=DNBPVO.%FP@ZL^UGY$S1S?ATY6\Z=].R=WK

P
M'\8+#(NE3+#(^:B\W8HL%;XZ)3L2#)]OZ7.])T K.[#+E'(OK?4$3:\L45.=



MXN9Z7$Q&OM(*#G#V4/PZ[H$L-5]M%DQQ$II%V[VZU!D*1''?MI%SLJE8VH4
M:GFRY/#8N!;CXT0.W Z(;K2/M8A6^))/

Y



MWQV5;8)V7.J.@VQ!K-9;)\+U/:*%%32:=$15TE3]=1[Q2@%IU3-?L9)UF0K



:S

M?J
#Z^V6:^?=I)1<][RBC5\#)W@AM&JAA9
MV8B&U+$W6&F$$68R,M(A\#)E]7 %,8D74FF[$'HP!KWPBM$*;EK.=:.*XY=

+1?[IH=7[6Y9U


M\K\V*E-M58QPY+0@TF+G.$0-05S(:AM51TSSQ4L7)Q17_#T=V P\5[3Q8&Q^


MB(DR(:NTJ18_
TGP
U#5#;
]R#*1#S&QNO8ABZK
B*@CDNBL'05!VD/HLJ%


MTK



YLS3

M#ROG5$* K(61I?XB6
:+.;\?OO?37WII]S]_'.3#Y



P&B=T+XE9

=PA7Q


M9(P:D.GAX'+0X'ACLO'X&M9 


Q!C(TQY6 !I00#..F$R Z84N6K,)M2T&7,WQV*7NM=BV#/:,0
M

MS\AC$BY90FPB(%2

+&/1


8'7XR$F\+%FX 89A3PN!UPJ%KME#7T.0O<^YSV1



MJVU7(
2O;HSC








MALG?AFDG5'&^[HT^;I)[V -APGRH*/^4/:5M'O$-=\@E88YXKKW D:6*@2*1
M$AGM$
A:5<70O!Q4T1PCY+[=/?
DO-.Q
XBRZ1G)
)21N5BK;'+

2E;X 

=3UCZ$<4(QBJ6C<6C R 'U
MD203UE




DS %
0@C)'7I9)WRKF*
M

E-5

M'
:T^FG_[BE/6IWWO3] H
$\?03!+^N?CO[1ZLV@)$\ZZ:!L^3B'CX_)UZS[


M+D69'- A3MI8)G&E_'LA







MM)/T:W!7^^68\'\7B=E]H]1=OW!#TFB-2#0G$8LB[PP2&!/B)PWE&=BG51F\
MJ)')/C*931NL:L82 1AQ1RX6%+')$+EB1;FGNL529P#F[N/22=Y?J*4_.T
MG:Q2TTOBU3VUS


\+Y#I]7!A05LI^HTU$O])AJ+=4
MTY[8/0Z=_V[ZK^FL7QC\Z^BOIV+?N^_N?N9_OYTR/]\^WM[=U;7 FQ'=MGBC
/ISV'ED_T%G8
A ;&$


V68&FDU6=B

:Z?R?%UU.Y+AZ3;_='4O
M[9GS_XL-[ 5#UAP


5L8)YM_EL0NG
XXZD

M9[.R8[/+:(6&L!@\;3$3_@'O@ZLM3S'?*I4/*ZL

MZK^?C'ZK0KU^R]:Z4:N%%:QTGJU08/5:I)#]%H6@J.E49 [E .@O:-F6YIWS
[D3UT3<=U3@O_^:A/[G:^IX5=(F]\<E%G



M_KIHM0-I47@3R+


MY-D@B^ UL5J13&-4?1-:
[;%J0=C*--0D2:
M0390$KL$=<Z32[UJ-R::ID=,D0!U<1R]3 /QV8?3R54@LU5QN [.TN.VB$Q


3E-9;5

7+@8'RL

^X




MYFCM





NUJFN&]R4]3+HE(IF*)- 5'W






1H;JG/EB?U2Y1*?A(ZUL\3XYNJ[=L[V

NC@::61BFK-C
V
M0-XA&=MT7GPP!L'Z;+-B/[ANTNE:5&/@2]=JOA6M6$=A;*X\5Z_:_K?19'I7
MGWTX.IYOF1O]M=MQ4@8O/#L[M?I QN)B7_A8%_&T=:;4+&X\(.VGA.1%B7B7
MHJZ_I&DRF/^JE:GL^O&[13(':L 5^&(896UCBH ;J




S_


/Y,OG][G_=3J;W_\%??9@U,Z9.<$HNNQ(<)1^5$C(D
M+:C,3TFG)&5;&/*AJ7][)


W-FOT86;2QKZ^Y9,844
MVMZ,IA_L[*](_?&LH$4CO_CLB'AF3G5SY8H4;:;'M_;:5RP?C'10\X(-@
Y


MU8N7,(34$

O!605;9YIHX
MSZ1\/Y+51VIS*MH

9


M

M&DP-;QS


4VOM^V@:&^![UY@X5



Y@RY'._=Q

D'S)7B:9-$30




M

IM2.&VL6CQ^!C7ZBZ_-4NY[(S9M*A
+7N


MEM0LS/TTHD23T9?Y
MAIH2O3;0@A::[Y0
/#_':A]LA\GV60I_+6

M;$!7ER2_1JRJCXY@(&#)UAOOJZE_*CH'CVW/UIX8;$/Y21$YA\!I#*RIFC




6IN(


M
?OS]F+DSA0-Q0IPT=:A]ZST?/=0)I.C]CGG .J.^3\S@GO+G#&N. %)12NB

(!MX^O#
M@BTHW@Z ;2;]GV@BD\Q$#H78T*KWNQU
 YT3/H[Z(H(5LL')$FLI5NAG
M-;G0N /2;7MG=L5GGY8ZT^?UB&S7!V\XI'_S0Q-EA
\B)Z+R@K7X(
'?29
MKW);

MK9TE0'

VFG%1)(N_0 2GWSS0

MV!SR-@$ZI


CNY)P#JE


M13+F;8*^8S)F/5[%@:BM8YZ
1N-2SOU%!A7:&N_!I1SO :Y32JR5FC6CJ^VA
W0&F)Q%#7Z5M#YY29XQ2%)QF01M=\2GJT@\T
ZT








MH5@5 #7V)A]5T^SZ%E/.IT-[2-
INKO&^LBJO!6?O\G!A6[;,'WK#1G_'
MZBZ 6 I:XURV0CKAB+JRU^AT+MRB

82J9A6[_?TF@)K2;ZN[
M+@7N4Q2]9HYW#$A-')AK(&OZ$15HLVI\\TM1BZ?(%4DJ.F@+D=V8(D! /Z&6
MG1=H3+3BL
8-345[
^@
]9=DHWP_&&C,H+T< XTRJ12KC5C9H?4A9Z^<[X7%J_8^?=AF

WV76$D7;I'H8G^%)WV?&9^_+%!4H08[U2J(B


R!9!]NYW]BM2EC14Z?F2U=.!LO^:

ZHH4]D.2+MV0=U1!-,759Q8?N_DR
M!!*J2$.00@ .T4_SE.PTU:FC!+8LC4'9^;L_@$24@5<ZK;P8HJJ5#QG=90
M634)7&EP*%W.4#M?1E8HL0<XP)#M-]?7RR4\0EI5$.S?ZO.(SL#6]&+8
ME+6S.IC(ICVK?J%S


M7/;V_Q#8V\\86+_&T6
V-G(LP1%$8)'.W2!ZD0%CV]A$6^R7.S*'%P;O)B%.
MIO8I*)-\TJ 0 :G?HNR
:D)-I;=8F?Y.X/TXN_W?\Y5HK]3*[*()EMJ$
I)3


.G1 9X]MRD%I=TIA


_1Y8_W$<K@E_\Y?'ONX/SIMZH;
M)W^



M;_5 !D9='O\LI')8(%H.I4P;M*I7P[*WM']H\7S]3RR&?Q
+OZ
KH;W_TR





_R!)#_J;
M;^(8+EB-Y.P=*4(K= 3$1!PO=VH$H#1YB$L\C1/ I$*IGHCW/BC#LNLR=*E=






@LG\EMR)C2!4*3L9BO3?RN7M2IW:OFAC
MAN_ ?Z]-!Q[03GA%B@0?K&4#0BP1VJCG



M6T&P)20GDA-7[U&$Q.(24V+_+/6FEC4+[C9 =0\T?ITQQ9\XL [C^S_'X^D/
MX]'=PR.C\RCO?>=7BHV*

HW2A9X9%UUI!QQ%P]*ZXV*6:E3<+:PG?.C+[([/@#8)RU%A





M9*@_Y_D!9N?N?8T:

M1E498U7P8-A4I'X




L

M H60=:YY+JK

!GQ;

M\79Z_?1/X^LA&0$I2DP


20[:V./06?6WP;NMCR._M&LZTC
$<W





?%6%7;/D3U/^Y]]O[T8W
MK)%6??#'\?U/GWX=_;7S6QO&E%4(WF9



_E^[3R6
MDE9
L6(U.PS


KV@_'*H#-EX6YX7R




#.@!!)Q$AE+*6*:%5D;S2


M^](\H$2M8

MH*;V[H/K7-)9)?VER^CV3B,[B97VXC!R^:G%0H-L;BM=5$1A7HI








^]=J*.!_;*S +SI
MQJFD2ATUE8


M[KC!(.^H(9Z2X_FOJR^UI[[.S?AI&D=W7_STNOY1
SE_C&Y6;T
8R(MX8[*J
M/I!/RA;/J07$QN#;^+V#Y+5]6):9 ?R#L?60.JDY*RRTH9]NT)7([/PTQ2
MB4W^^0

MX^


QJ%C#]7&R






H_1@6






M
O^;!3M 2$K:*)4!8




MJ#4@E&)-7[L9F_K=O_U#JF6)KH,4O1*\C=-8D*4?/.YG@^@?(H9.[)#VB:
MM9ZU3$J^GOJG9;&K_4CV..OZOO&U_W

MYW?



^6+./CN-2Q\YK
M1$@Q^$?I@X)@-]9AO1G,#F%)U@TZ1 [M%7(DU)QS.I<W_ZJR$
SM L$KG8M



M[*%;EE]DX2BFJ^8-!J/=I&H/Q_$]_]O#Y.[+8V]\[8KW7V\?EI(YC[(K?Z@#
M0U]

KFON)4_OYS][07U^'-4D3*5F-/W6C$;^[?YYHFFG(AY;\SDR


TG!?/7"Q7OV=Z/7_F'UJ%P
=-
M6@

*E?LQCBNW2

9)FDSI(RJ5S=6V68^M2%)



$


M!H WJQ


[[[Z=/39Z?7\[]\]_7WT6167T/CE]'L\Q[U#\&Z2#DGQ:YL

MPDN=ZS


ZC8]11LI4GF=A-%*9;KBVAT
9RGF-3
M/G1QBU!5[RI32%N;
:INZB

MR0 !

*RSJ&Z5)W$
MRPC+\VAKL1\+%9V





X&X^^_O/VYKIV


D8T&%*
MTO&]$O.;!1*4;1=26@1<?;-6D;,_V0-*:S[Q&1?% 9%Z*25W8N33!Q+K$!V

MKO3X^L73_;-W_?W.-+


MZU!\-WE(.&U]@_91B%1#1.HBBZ#L72IL;BT4TZ_L(V$W.I4'(U(/$.FU1U97






W PH(VT







:B%(7T]LX^Q;9J2<OE=?0?R
MCLK6XF8Z#\5(=D\1<LZEOK=3)Y4\2:W5O*#%





M






8CN1T-JMXO$C<S64/[&6@Y3BK'28[D(J4LM:ZEU4\D':BLG=U^F
M?A[_/KJ?/?V

MP2M*R?K
\@F!_5O5];7(DD0[(I2VQ1WXFU\]W$TN6Z67FPS&IB#^[H0.KE


M;; NWSX6O4Q\J




M0? Q61\0[0 %HY$A8P'^:ZH#.[L!X#*UNY
!=!._7BCG X).44;C!;.LZY!-




MA4/02K=8



NY<0?0K-KEA?<_;R
8JHE[/Q*:S
#('CO1L9NL?3=&2
MNC) &6.A%1O@A&Z27SLS


M6M&P6Y1[SCELTIVL%

O'#!$:



?]0(RA@


 ;*$

%;'7U388A#)&I*A)1<VH
M!_NT679N .K:%B[\$,DCO1:12]#L<WJ#-C2PU[O:


M'OYM
C_;S^')/EL%


M[/(M \%+UK+UZ[[4ZOGM9OEOL_FT^Z=
?RVJ_[/#(+]/Y[/%\O=J=Z?\B+\M

MN?CP/_5U\#^_7L6VI[7-F71 %%ZP\G-UR$GGOMFBH)D?#20(-GRX




!N1&
MM'F

IU\6D_**^

M9[-)K8/?X


M_^N1&D0)GKRRA:)6-B5C'T5&H/TVI1AXWG\V 6;$
[A\AXS0EEKQ-*4+KF

MY

M


&N\0?O==U
JG5!6^?(
_SJPS$:2KLP





MLB-)LJYRTMCNVL$*EHF\\[?M0Q)OU]?E6'GMY\NG::SE8)ZS*=OILN/]0\

.L9H+M1VICLVN[9NQ+#8PN, ?_[&\_7TJA
M^&DS5\CT9I

MK?:

[1N^$DT&IX)A(








B'G7)QM=SO
ME

:[(?-A!_UCL:1)3 G92&'5HQAC!V])W\GME8I.;E%+?



-G]C66?S(


M7


M29=R9H7H54Y\)D5=%Y*K6US;6$7=O?+4QWD

(11.1VU$PQP





F9(@S#O:25
MDC[TE\ &0T^D*$Z. E1*!;-B*ZACRE2






3B-U$7/HL9\MQ[K=L )/N3BC_+Z.Y'D


ME+&.LM61O=X4NHH1X3



6\XJ$'85\3!

[UGNSL^E9^//O%U
66)G-
M)_


X&,;!BET077SMYO<%
MNJ.MNB;[5MOI 0K'^]



M

GWDA!

M$I


I




)WS'U:YJ0M_]G^O+BYOEV[?OY6(%3(9X5AA&.]R

 ;

MVM9ID\5W
#[4A.KWQ
=#GES)F'V(8!V[0ZE.9 _=4)\@@VL4_W$9UWE/-W[3


AYP0-:J)OC$8#39:+VUH=]SKDMNA]X;


0*^6'!K9V
WOA&LC
U'

M$LW!IV
I^9?*V4

0!A)AELZ
KJHT/=M*.=GI4[QR2.$!\H
48=

&3#X
MG(AT[J91DTJZ*3)^U3(8&U=1^\HCZU)4GIRST*]'$BZIU-CO-_L9\)?)K9/?
M6%$H)

I&.SABCM#/H^AF?:'3+=UL;K'_P?9SO(SI#
MFRAEH))--B9G#


E!(QN^Y'6(

3DH;G')&%-F5L_E@6VSPJG@S-AQ%

K$]

.8(#B(5H.)'AT&*%4H!6Q#R64\QY


M$WPPG2/R#[8PUV0TUK%23H[O;U?;6HJ+;7I:63O4J#1&YV_3.E7IP^7*@*\:


FP7'R83L\N:G1C
M]2^/
7$\!IT\WUICM$ 28%T_&![)MO



MRXYA*HDZHPV1E3L[?M:YTE?1&IN;HFQKX95R\/?/5Y=GBS_F*UPTAL$!8\DA
MF$)H40H@U67Y J;2F'LE-AR05\*V[G

B_H


M:U?JNCXI*.FN^

MM.

MZI?71 &B#:(P** M=V:W(-[NY(_.1F5N$YL%14*FE+1R7;3=QY*:IWHRNL=&


7D67J#C'9B61
_W(
M#F^I38 R7M\L3M4[$WDZ,8!9[RD@)D@*&7 =W!!1%-$WY28&$8
#R$R+$9

-@Z/V7F9@I
FUW*$


MZ0NN%@]N*UD^#GUC2#DBU/51AHHA3TRNNZ;/V

TZ*/'3-^7FN5NUC]


6$-$H'SLIQG782OY^
2NMK_M5_:L0@)OG637NHX%B^!3O_\D

;

M\ FVO2-)



MR;J@[#$S.SWM;NN3TCY6+EP0)=LMB


I'KD@).J%H%J_




-T8I.BPM*


M
U7GL[:J+.87^=_3Y8?9Q?TIDMOY!W]
EF?--OF^..3V.T=2 T%A\1 8L^7H




K^1
MY9 H%]<4HQR%;N<O;OFADI-:+



M ]P6)T_FG]8_^





1H@NF2[D[PFVYG*&N[X=3M0N;:(-#5^
_%
MA]G-1]='X!UG'Y6*06!&2%;&3'7)=
=\%V4[[4;;C14_#R;Y).=_FDTWM717


%W6=GG(K%7N0J#WKORAT!E/7\]VF
M0+UN4Z#?&W

0Y4
F!B0R.-.YC;4/95NSR9'9^76MW8JQX@V8V6P3


::
M#FLH%4TAS+$H'6NZ*[6D*+
'36(5%R\6;Q%66UT$B@YAZL5TLOSPF55(FGZ;
MGB]6(8M]1@2O];D9LDIB#'5(=ZU7 $A=37






M SA@

M76 ** G%+0=%:
)O;Y2CY_O8#F;AH8H]4R;CH1CK?68W#%+I K0^6]E6([V0

LS!W5RZ*T$XM


$XV_!:5*0E#
9Y*3-X+OLV=)J@S
=JK


MAV-[K53(GA+5F:@!@K79N2Y-+FMQ6H
V7PF7#@69+BI+1EB)/IF !DE1K[U+
MVR*OT3S&8Z23:&^-/O/YC **5B4



MO?B-;\/\:MK


ML^6?-Y\;TLQW#U=0J:($A)C9[67!!=W-+8E*M3BQFT]ZVL.5\ZO9V2^S\_\9

MJT37V

-WE
-H& #X/N21B#1+D;L PORXKFM(^1TT+T D.




M)*--VE#J


D1[JB/MJ! $7S)VPR()

MTSZSD=;B(DI9R

MS2;+6:?

MHJR[@)D9MQK%QOQHEV$O-IS@



MT
IJ@BBTHE=<1&$96]-AU)[J6$OA

0[95B#SVI7EWG3 /D&L






H%#WQ=LJKQ?F]RA=

28$*QPK)RD
C*(Y(+0(?I:3!]T;649Q'2
Z(S\(8/C^T@*

MAZ2':/#'4WHN?E%TK T-O[]



560



MP*[%RKLSKNZ9HWL%J7ZR3^!5?

[(H
MI
HN!E-'X43**3BE5[9'&+1FK:&K]Z:ET:/UE3]$L'=@$;/!XAR;I@0RZ6 



M*[Q]\1CZ''))$(J&D#U(G[OR+Z7]8/FKU1:^ T6X9ZCSH9&SNX'-8#24XI.O




)7AI5%_H&1-M YON!]@\K0P?Y+FOU:=%9+&SER&MS2E)

M](\5
2=JQK
1 \


H+=[8$OO!#



S#AZ9E^9#=#%%N7PP(











MZD;D0SC$@@$M:GD6G!B+62^DYPY'!\'=K+$=S?OWY]-O[;+LZ 54Y,C)Z
MKS,EE7-?-(PJBWMCPR!WF.=_'!Y^'[+: ?Z'Q#$A2*L% ' U9=S(ZM:OKBM

MHJ[^HW92

ZE!(




MXS'Y  Z

5

^$W;_N :[A5S7MG-:G66-@P3O?,Q 8F;:Y!U-OJ
M.YN ZS-A]X]KL%
T=VUIM986J2YY1)MM


1F#^KV /0SX?:/6[!C='MMN'201A+6CH) )$52
OC_05^2/?92_?6$[N5;3#1UCRMZR8B:(OW3ZL$)P65;;ZAVB?NVC7W*O;
M_&&



M6*DX#%*X.ILP@W#*#6ZY!W1Z;:CFWL=KF//;].O5\L/G2378BT_+R9=;\^Z_
M+*[FE\




M!@XAU4K(IS_$XXG2V%J5E[6P4+= AI![ &=7$8-A+DB[:5:/PH6MRP2V%*JK
MQ&I+D(K)2(.H
'774035[G3?-*M3[6EZ2@'V%.*_NQL5@W#Y/S=9';V\SQ.
MOLXN)^=C5?N.)#GM%1FIC2W%&]L)-/(?&V: ,_;Y,V.[YEY;Q%5KD-@WC#$H
MY4JQUG;OVB2GFZT%DYZ^A&MA(5U3V#O


M[C*%#!*LD9G?L?#%!PP=
]#XU# #G:7GSXS=[[*VU@CI8[%4C

MVX'N^

E7+1?U


Y@&#47+ 9WTPV2=BQ



M


W=VD%)^\QVQB
MG7

M?49-^

M[-WADEL&[Q0B?D4
/LBB% ML.K2(7IBD3%UF 1U398 V6JL=P/=S:_=P4E2(






;([9GO0;^LFR#JD)J: =SJCC9
 \P!J
MQL*-[D.\]!O_7L3%;:D2_U)4T5BWP AP.@


MJV

M]^PV;O/'G5X9=S7J]S:CSW5G)ZS4C A;ZFZLQ61K0TUWVD-LH8AMM@W-*9UP
M0[VWF0_3WDFRG88&7\%H#^3^)/G#3Z=P_2H;.O6?SV=^/F?.!/0Z
/O1H =_
F]UR5S:PQYOA#.9.4G3/49^#J^5 1C9O;X]P/1*


MRFCK=2*$*O/*UJRN#?N&\5#/;AE:-HRL''8[VPQ'$UC)]&YUZB/3X574#$


M6-;U4YB7%-MIH:MS' QZ TSN&


MP )+0U&8[0A,'3+;K]&JBW3/2]]-B__;?)T/5\CE-YQNFW3&9D]P]'70-+


MA@


*
S[


MK9QAV]C0*[4CX=DT\L@8#/6VV1_W#&TT'G5MVUXZG/J:MGGJH3EOLK!K33\5


MOP)8
PL[ TR[2<MCEV5CM=Q]APZ76[^CXNO7K1205+=7L#V[$ 66#




 M_#XIJR ILOU@OP






9O


MW?^\3S\^N3WP0W$SE0;


MV-?_M_?ETZ__P3[_W/OU*[[T)WQ



MBB?%#&-S\/7R-@9_W(DI#R8L@O]G\?*-R2W[FMVAF9OZ/ @6#/[%)ED0W*3


)35%BG?V7%0B5LGL4H

M*(QB4





/

M%E[!
B
S/_1GV8SQO(UU49+$*T98UBQBJZ)%[%
(KQ2LJ.RW8#T7;[O/@J+E

L/&7?=
M;(94P%63]5UP:6(QQ5.N!\&* $BI&JJC6Q+?VXQ965:E)9%456I!3!')M7
M.4$&+SDKG0)996V=




M

$*L]2MW

94^Y

M.B8I3[/50N7[:]J&':)QJ-;DZ6M-VDI*37;-:RHX6+/;J=KB%D#7M2)/]]J+




TJ##

FK
_+<*EFX4FKM*%G1Z!;$V00[5F(?TZ8VELC<^88FO\
M;)7( U-_K]!D
&RCI=MD

4
MVV:KAHQ2@.BKP


M?9G?K.3V8#(3F
R+





MY[78  (-XMCX%(V%V$B*QB@,ZVE: +.K7'R00^O_
#/UVTY)*HF8AVZQQW
M(N4LN.O&&7RY

6:P[0-&)WHL@6@$? 1Y *7A9C
M_AM*!MPQXNX1/V]'CY*Y 00W8R/?\J#JE OZ!(MR\C[&?]+2*LA:[B+U(.
M%A3
Y2'@MV:3:[0*ZK$DF\UXO$!%@X+Q+[$ WBUK*P-#9K-YOAQ9DO.B)U(1







MR5-5J(/JI^@ZU2OC

05DUVKWZV=/_+







M1FM=5OI0GR)MY*X8#W:;XC
)#X2'%1Y(/YS*;=%X&^OW
!9N=!_MYY,* RB
MYAG4!=TWJNUS!


X7)@Z)4D2'@@/



X!L+@)M*=
MSGC\5\+2B/$X]A_@@O2Y.2652?DA$]R=YI-B+OQZ'\6+V\8O*Z_DJ.-TLVVQ

. (
P#?7 !L


F(





_ANSE'U^/

M97X
]\H'R88C*0:$W_LN@S_A+ORZEO62V3\9I*..3(*CC K4*L!8^&5T[$




@61R$=$D
M+9;[7QF


M+:$4)? +2I+B1GQUDDU 3O@X*
 +V
M_LE?$FFYJEQ(:


Q
*C/(4XF63\_SQ)(*
M31





BQ
AEH]1EF L8!8

0

QN#R=


J[?F6
M7_XCB^31-TK',$^2F!9A]L/DS3.EJ$G/(\CS 7&*[%/NR@J@A'!JDP
O:&


2^6*#XON



D1'5]*[%0B?2-LM;2)?U/Z;1<




MYDDG0F
!/KY(WO
?

V7W/Q]



D]0.X!



M5_T@=NC)V$5LPHZSIS=A3^]%V5T@#G)\% _%*^KK)?C;R4EX8HH=H1&9;6Z
MG2-EC&TA7/XZ.@6PS$0NBG=E-&Z=F8%R3^2?XKDG[I&
3[2/:1[/9UQS9
M9^FMCM

MI[V3GX$;OFYF,433K. TZH3^^;/1,)^%8_L2S3CX4?VW RW^1@??2^=?K#L
M7;RZVRQ^\5[NSGW88O #\7-5$@-H!O:#T_7=TWR:3C-0QCE/=\G7O]Y/^Y!
M








M ^E.WJ]6X
*$&4($KZ
MD\!)X+QX<)+^K,.^],*F?*&!1NI[N3/D3Y.NV5K-OERR


%T6FMP#Y!X@]P#A
W5CIMSC?O,EF-JRAPOUQYT
M1IXIB@NMMXXDB!)$:($48(H0?1*($HF+N55*1@GE=1C6HB?P[Z.#MZRW#(
MQTD^3O)QDH^3<$&XH/,PP@1AXBR[E$M!!55/-?WDB=3F=O]P 
1IM2N@H*.

8(8Z2\%X&+
M]%?](';HR5C3-V&_I?!;Y4SL.%.UWCF2@XUXA_B'^(?XI_:TH?XAQS7;Z#E

IRP6R?L)%4HZS$'04=8*YNISR
E]4(.SWLN!

MN:O$VIU:ZJ6781LMW3Z2!-N':'7A'W+SUC3.B

MO'N/OI=./UCV+LRYSA*[7[RW@W$?M@C\4-Q
A13LNJ']\'1]UZ2=AM



+@@7;(-!;!N%H/RAY3@[D
M@


9




MY$TC-A
;KW 4H+$S+?I:[N7J0@\YOFQ<%




+(BUOL+DOSA5[
45R$.X&_D!+HOSW22\ ;6;W



U7^0&
BM
M#1_M@FKQKS]E\:^'HOC7L[
S7YL=_ 8_5'Z5PF N)(
BWE8@0^)GL[FD


M:6XY++/LNA_!\ AE_@YZ04M)FR42&Q4.S




QY.8BA'V'5@5]IW#

UO
0^3B8CS
M#J:A]U


]&\%WY$6J:1(%R4B2D0WSF).D)$E)DK(.O$J2DJS))LK(

M](.%



10F40RSN5NP++EEWZ8B$<6/]R(4


LU

[0CX'E
@5%*@2:\@**GM:+^DY$!
M,9)H)E)_A@/A00H/O9\RE/X\
@7\&4Q46]]&N5PEM-@

W6AK2!

!2




MG0E(PX6 ?;.0Q%6RU]LCUN=-WB$_P;CN0+I



(]$V^
YIPZ8EMK7L=4/S+J:&[ KY[YP)14-V^

.-BY?
M(ZVQ&;H6<E^@W.*\7W_IFB:+T/,9BVEN'/'ED</:35_6[P'(C]W3N2#QJ=

N/5=\7R]&-Y

NB.^B



MSN#& H


M'
IJ_X&1QA=(
V(V8C9BMKH3[IC

M&



OAF+



UP1=2(8
1I-=3H=%1.S$;


:Z#;XY@
MAF&)\^;2AGCG0EP3ET6:]^W+
'/J[&$@85
W^C3$7T,4S?Z')-Q?N&Q.RU

]=9\:]=7_CZDU:8U5]YI
^]



MCK*D0*Y5@2@(TJZ[ BD
]*+KY)%

M=K+?(MG_9MF_:MU*PO_TPE]!8$E#A/_2.Z


?\1H 2 6(/
MX3FR
:)MVP%+QMH5!NVRW<KX2A;

9RGY*_XF?
MM[N_D]P#


?
M!T_\E7E69Z5\4I]6-=9[GZ

?9Y !M5/IF ?2-R4+K1
M#%#)[P!W@-O)M@8E.#NM!CB2@&XF72 BHQF)P$A)M5]
^Y.U8E%!2Z1D'U




M.&T+:30VI


$*D;@:KCF






A_=4Q$?A$I]X
6
M^V
:!2+A@:@P'?Z%_U2KOWQ-HUBP3Q@T%\I
.QX4/?K0W;!LX5?-KE11V[Y^
M3L6C
G;'O-&ZFFU9QS]^)Y'9&

MBK2?IW[ /1'

4!4Z2G$Y0_39SR?X4\H!(5NO
MK_PM+V*N(*#']_I[V3GV'.;OFY&/<3XEE JNI4OODSD;!?Q2/[$LUX^)$]
M1XMM[LI'WTNG'ZSN+N1_IA?VJQ?O[3'=AQ$/Q0WT[S+GFYH/SQ=T376O-%Q
MGH?PAHI
.?0)'S3%BBC]

2X0)D


$U8


=L12X/ A;)Z-]9%J2^F
V#: &?YD7^

J _/=YE*2Q2/U8R IP
M=R(4$S_-0=]BCU/?G3(.8/1G

 /P)L_Y4!U C4YY68 M:K

M E2)9--?$!JQ*2\@)4,8;^ SP

MA)(OB*
'/Y%2L1AM+*;\#FR25



3ZXSQ
_^88C6SY=4AT^?!&3O[\;#]%0






HDV$(PRB2@3((FQ)/7[/9FC[Y1DZ=
 HI-;$HFP::A


M:+''*/Y+Q



@=_IZVQB;8WW<&XW;A908]76[?U(IT:F%D
C)
MBLO\6Q:S?I; D)
C@KV1\[F'*0E\PTB2)/LM =
&:
79
0R@A/_!(;$@78

I+$Q&U@!6:9B@<?.9*P8<-UF+0
M0/=Y?T?Q'; -P

1?!)FO18&!0S(+5JZ@<8N6\W).4D!)$Y
MLO4YQMC:+12R


MDOL8;3VY6L N
*:5L5M=O.HS[A8
MS8X++9XO(J&3@H3 CD25A-+GE)YLN

M=6 QE


M[S(PV@IC3

6OO?5=-?:9
O#2%\H _*2:J+A&42Y''1(SQ#$9:)Y2MD%\^U
MX8 0#THNQ








Z)
MY]IG%U)^:?4^RU!F:-1^Y?$^RF.G/':2

M\2$'RPG4%T&
($80(XCMYK93UI;]XI%U6$VIPQ


MT\S+9

M@%U[]M




M.//\1#9?9K$
S8KBI1LCNH-WY[VI:^F=;D9

!B#H]I
M/!_L.CUKYZ3;MG('P5XHK O_*%..I 



3'XW#5%<4$#3+8T<)M:@.!WD*CVC=XJ$4OW]JX%7,Q91NZH<S-6GL.
MP/NH?\Z%..AKSVTD;]8.R;NMMD:MNHYG\%R67?-K%+IO-6UV+H!\9&/Z.WN


MV3UO6/R94Q)H\C3YRY\\!:I2-@C%W]=F'TZ

EM

MIA[$J7J;LD(IRG4/P3@4/&3C*/(2-HAF

M:UI+.T%1X;JL/MY'N:(UC




Q:W#DIP=UJD
R:B&(B7Q3@)?
T,'O[GGQ-#R<?8V6S;!9XA#E=^V@@\+0QC-LY

5

^H?HZDJEIELF#JQ8J&
@=C];%(QJA^47'3U!(K[_V0
MP4T!#O#@Q)R:Y=[5BG&HGL@EIWG6C=5VKC!K$:L=ABK*3M6)%:K'7O5:2OT
M-8O=*8_O7\Y*/YMC8C:/$N&]-RF[^5#D_$26*R0@?$\$;$(78$'F]\$G^'W

JRS%LF\)HEW80RDT*U)




(


 1G\V T3'
M/H 7.'X*H -:^!Z .5C(QP$*$9[\_CX6]PA^& :.;0!#PD-L^


B#E
M$AE[QA(F#9+Q^[%PIS!N$ @[2A]*ZPATWX4@D!
2#)THIBJ/-7:+E$L
1DIJ
MD1L5I#:L&IZ7ZQ(!=E7F=R)Y4KWW(-B#'[N*KSPXH#D


2YA\%@

[8
M@P





$;R4\

3S2G922T*/0LB51^
M .$(2!YX^=M'B7(=;
H+^'4P; W

PDK\G%^


MU]=-Y
H:

75GVGF=

M%Z%@:P\8^ 0D]XV39_:?L1
ZY)6\\



 X.MI4)(8QH8DC$D8TR#


T1]L@3S'7NQ1-1IJ9


M8'B!





&-MATMV?UF\9_8-B 80/'S :
_\#P L


M



(S*
R#B1?]1MP'JDK::L$=CU.6D7Z...QPZ?.YO^DA








UT_5G0N





[;-:GFR2N'B$MH6!,W!:VG&!C(VT$;N!:NN3V8=/'4=NPUT
MS\)/HI$8#0^8PD92\A80DO?ZW6MQI*^+D=.$L826B55? RL3U+.*!\K33PK







?VKT:NOG






I(^+P=05NA00R
 8I3W\YBB\Q4K.M_:









]JV[_
M^K)_=MKH]?J==O?BHJ%HN]WI7M:/D;8)N(A9JEYU%A!R 52!=OKRV,0MT/MG
MH/)L4LO:\?C'N'X#:R+4#(DM 84G

M %S(DA[&/DQQXC]X
'X8#T('% ]O H



MA;
![@0'Z'C 4CE&PX;8S



P^5'2
M)AQ(GNQ AO/OPL/B
)R(4VPJE=83-07A% .R O1@70- (42%9]8R:I^U&NU6


+M_?7'S^=/O^



M#L4(-4UQXH*F.936/KH7Z#CT[*%1ZVUM#W86WNA*A1-T;W2& (JA201ZT!^

MH]M&2S/AKL'(+$78JDI@F!0)1&]5F'[R1#3/Z G7J)Q@RNWR3_



3CM1YBLI!8K#(
M[F3AF)$0\Z00'/A!04A0X:O!@1QP'3AW.,9@.4E[!A6D#:$;=19BI8@_Z

Q:


Y#GZ8T

==9W44L\):B6&2;S[\^ZGG-



M:A
D? G+!\H_5EN. NIZU! WN^A%3I)\4I^PBM ^&,(N@BI ,J$K&J;VZF
M[
X.^/-?P-R'


MI8C(H7)%8!Q+42'O37/25T7JJ.\_ 7J/X77 6@\L


M[^9) ^DA#+

 725'%1TJ(;3AS/
MH6@=9.UI .(F%+PURMK'W3S&;?@4V0

(62XGJ.A-'!77F

)H3($/1
L+ZD-)*IH.'6\$W\T
^M



M*Q11Y*:I&T6(OHPM+

Y&

M)H6J%
?44[G1U-)4N=
78




MW@DI;ER5?Z'PUZ2LE


M_





M$58EQ#ADE]P)9NR:!Q-%F6?P!R!&H3IVO@3[Y?59^@F;4VJ!0:M5Z_U#RTA9

\R



M)M37=I;MC5HS^UBY D.* 5I!A!79499$H.1:1$H^@&TJ .N3WBOTJJR:[ 'C
M' CJ?#J57=69



M2BAN@923GI00]ED]R'WV\+)RH=FR7D^=8YS]=;F6%.VCERYMFPY5-Y-OK]B
MH#(5!6J#T%+Q&*DY.A/*T-1


:N6%!4(+/X-EAE:!LIE!/:#+FM1*0=]S








M@AZ]+*E#):G*S I

P$D%6STYY&2G(8'A]&
M?DY5F,UPTO!&$UWW1'1=!B$39J?/,5IO:+]H-9$N!QOITK :?1-3MS.4.&(-
MRW:(^<T];;56E(\S_ :$U6W0I'91# =;BQ0PVKJWLOR^EN6Q(;@7O %-&O
M6\UNVY$
8G7K=F[R37X$?;!:?5-BREC Y9()!T.:77K5J=EJ
M8/6O+JDU
MY


/^1)K9&WS7Z;OGT75-[S_@$
M2B^.-BHTLD


C;WWTI[H
M%GM0YY-







Y0#@7'%()M#$\[B.S 


MH






)XJJ[!3
'C@


MAR=WG$_?7OB3B1

M3@

M9\WK9J=[==:HGU\TKOKUSGFW?M6XA/\NVHWZV:O?YK UCT!/U
-=9EHN(+M.


*(_P#;*@Z0


&F5O=?CU6P_8*2WL]5L07Y

MN&?/UM74=KI:0QF&
G:%:Y02\HQ[41/?E'_OG+O8!
EB*PU/;?DA6N.6R@(_
M4R:X$+C;:^ML??PD3(X[J+=$+*ITDM-PHB/G1&VKJS&KQS BPX@
(S*
Z#DJ
M4=\Z;;4


1UW9[5;F@+0#+
;FV#











HDLGM $UXB![! [1
M0SKX*D:_OKJ^Q
XJ_V[_]_;R%7.&\ 6@U
GU:;W5ZW2N6MU.X^JRVVJW+NOU


M\D*:ZV!V;IP%67PTM31/M=32;+?V6E%QSY4\7_AZ?:_3=ZH
.W/P.SOXBI01




9=TF)^T6_8QJ3?OQ3NU5


MBNC?;^OI+=@EUFFWH8U&GX!.61#F\!R6U1+WE9;JYEZ\0G115D=^^2!5.@YR



M/AG\

90#HP,8_#'PT:Q#&E%^;**\V^Y8S?:6
M_/-&E!\SJS&BW./#JO]YP@;DY]/O<W/<1LX;H*#+^^JK^BS[!G._FLUCT'
MO ;*K^76V<B0O9)/+O_H1[[]@J8SS*#PXPVC\MMU;!_Y%C%C_X8V=&IM@



M5'HCT*W+IZ%XF_SQ;EX'7

;$LPFG/4)QU&A8S;J^AB)&&AVV-+J%GP0?1:;1_'K7]_6Z
M5==(7D?2UG9K\JQ7=?K;9A.0PQ%JFKN#&*GVA%2K/%E17GF\LISTWJI)5X[R
M=ELT^CB2V8PTU%HB;_<AMJ67'[N+O3V(FT3-I0B?#[2RX(]&_6-U-.'.%E;B
MDSY$1]_ZP#K<VQE%0C/\0-V(^PX .7EJ[CWW7N
7[N CT[$KKGMN$XTTQ.L
XRQ6AV+/0B&.8R.QS&JSH\#-@UP9;9<QTBMPV*!F+H4F\3@




/J#K(


)^TYP.\6
J/!0!
M]XK)@QX$ATE:%W)=?J)V-PB\N]#V?GLZ3E1I?-DNFA;8PX'45JB8TC13A0



9&*

TU*-45H)


M*'5:HB6E+\=1&
%RD Y66PU*'O$@'=7;#HD'\J'1GP46GCKW^\R3@(CO;A
M_?EG6BP9D+2SS*J?9XQOV-2-0R)M7#'N?BB!R$TL?U&K=OYASZ\U3(2Z!9U
M36MZK6E!=5T+XOI\55O.NWS#!F#GD3\$$7NU2%D#B2TT1%_/Y@CAS 7B(0YW
MCB9\64BB7D*2:)2-)!J&)%:2!, XDUZ)N/30+>7


U*H]B79[_)* 82$






M-:XXWL3- V?+@4$%821C
O!GT+M&0IZ@A-@L8^-T6[?B9 CW
BU1?534GD$4

M?C





?L4H$*XX(I




7X;O(@!$R!6\Y.75: 3(%Q#/HK;H3]H&WBA4'BGH!!EA\W=





/HOO0.(0=BD25IYK-


Q#@P0T81WDSDBV5'2'+&0BE
2JF.)3G_NP4G$&%\
XE0W3-NE@VF]


MF_!B

+2%E33K'=U





F@*+ *K



I&O]4J5/25!U%\D'*R/!D!-1J%8Q\T





W5@UW_X0 1JC) T5[H74?47%A.QEZ9]/I*1<DAT

&Z:3P


M7XB)9#X!:I


&T/?E
RC

$F8


MYS( #%\FTI+2_-F U59=4*5-Y?VR !D40\N#PJE6S%R!A[?%TE8V)=&EV$VE

M8B;%ZWP5




Y\H&3Q#NTONE!Q?S=Y_OL[O/#/4![9O6LJA?
ME&N1\LUAE4,PM64D9!H8.]]%,C5+IRZ(08#E**U&?BL\%*F0B&1!_ ((E
M-T/^#I:S4
'$36$R%X^C.0JGISN-*JVGEXCCW$5);O4H'K&*NQ?E*\WEV9_


M$SC49IK_)0)-=3WX8G=AC/AW$S_RDO/#YWYJ]+(BXX66FW3F:1[Z:76UL17L




?%E9

$MQ13V)Z#OO(*^4%




/=-/Z

M': T3$!=!+
=&]





W8.
W-B.XL5D(^6^5$'\&&G(
M'U!@?:=P1+1AB/%SX($0FOF
J732$]U12=I
8#NHS!=(@HK S[IMG?^5V2
M!C5TT.


B
MPASX-LL 25KE8@4#Z?_)F^NY):95LE17 ?5E?BH*' :X$6:ANS2:31V;H@(#




M^**_HN26#

:A
MA#H

1Z$1617JMB8^=T%U4*1NE
8ZDE]%J

^G $66=





L=JNA:^-E.<E5C@KC
M/=N-


M;?%N_-*&1 V)&A(U)'HH)-KH&





R?:DRGPC-@/S=R)9TQU1




?8
(V:4L/
/O4(



MLKTG

MK3)#V&LG7QW3=(]ZI'M4OU=KM[J=\G60:A]3*YV2O5[MU9O-5V7S%2ES7;JX
M$5.4?75E[
R5CB



'11
K57
M7ZG-FTP$YM8E4P;36K#?X:_#69! ;M2HUV)I/ H)W))*C@K;/))- )31,%
MDW]/;^N6LI_]*@MA9RAQQ+3<)KCYC0FWL[P&\-O#+\QFHWA-(;3&$YS.)S&
M:#8FDV!3^)E
8%T!\V!GLL_@A$=QH-H
8HL(FP?!#/
.9#\Y2CM(.Y+*









1NV
A LXM^%)U

1#BE_$R?%M6N-UY_?\.F  9
MOX@[QVT.!69,8K*EGR1&JKS+;*EJP!2, ^&)$::34O9H',H%8=YDEK-L44(F
MFXH  SOXG: =^7@T^;U8*JLZ&S/-SL25%V$F5Z[ZP07Y9%\+!K#1G!KM(9I


&+HRD
!1A*
)(BFUFV50I

___;WO_V2/NN$MNMC\/OGT46N<%7V4K@P@^C\&;



DL#M/

TT0/.G%@YUA



M4@0'0E YCS-02D


ML:
9R%X7._L]#;FH']PTFKB22S[V T%[,^)5,HUGB40_T)5.[X0PN7((4]
M@(SZ]




+!'E53C#8@$.HGG0&'/Z*0A
KKDN



#&Z*D*0
W 
XGY'-IZ
HUY

FSR+VXNS1
^53XV=[: JIYZU:KIO
:(!%
M#XH=70M@$=6<:]?/M+W$H[C@H[&H*#=C9D_%9ZJ%L*B@'LA)Z=^B#<:TT#@
/CAGFZJ3CQQYT<.72WD7[8*MRIR<-OWY!V!W(\/1!&P$5?1



G7]F4 R &()8S?BGAIO
MF


7J]]2-A!R8[M@++!AX::P.+8-(O?L(
M3;RBW_'SJS=).)3X
47&Q.(I'F$!JI) =%^ [EK1.@
(*TCF6#K!G;@64?D*
MO/)S8*4O)
P0^CA ('@(4)
@!#0?16H$

$OZP+'4\KSD+_1.PCW!/RYDA#I)
LI(IXFP4E[+(
M77#/\@SQ(;D%M0




MW^(B-CH.;0'QC=JIILB_=(]K;40ASIN$=A]!V.74JY XK_4]AW+VA;@8'/F\
MK3/


MF*X4
%22G!$J.T
GY /'=:+9(GA7H$=%(%Q9?K-.U![27!JD5]WK ]

ML9I:8NTZ_6-J$52RUZN]^DIMWC2'

MO R^&7PK6_

2AB0
220D

\1GBVSWQ-=M6HZ--R3QRZC.^/O3UY=
2
M1WXP$DXDAJ\;F_P]4EQT$

MQ*P$0P_'HNRT.U:[KL^7^FS(E07[\#T3GE4I$7O0! KF9:^IS^%CZ-/0IZ%/



M3?[OC:IOS:%#5B]L144NMFJ+JVMCM;OKX%CQ9+?8^'$3O%@HKS:W^P*'.6E
M?[P
538+5UEM2KYHBTLJ^NDDAR]Q@&5\HZ2R.Q;0#).2FEFU3JH;C1UJTU*6
M5/PR7SA]E






[7

F.-AX*!S+XI(.@U\&'Q28U^HY+SKC$:$

= PIK0*



MRE5Z
4H* HA$@V@
AS[A





;W)7(7=Q@E1$G2?B)X






K_C

W5



MLQ/)9)9MBQYQ@%8+E? UQB^#&'Y7:Q(X(M/'/
$718+/1\N58]3SJ/PQ7P7
M@4PZ,J]DOR1=L\J T;G;[E

M0UBCR)$;_6!DHZ27M4DOE]MJ#:^Z.I6)PT3H9BU7B$E!&5)2=A!E!]7*H6^T





M'J+_TLKV#F2M6MV7]
M_8=K'!+O?Q $#R%[RV=SU%YRSL1-P._(#F?3@ST5^
M1^1CW@47&3I !9;CY3-UL%%)R(
%]^M!(?*3 -LOHZD3B&0F




O

M%/$Z%N

[K=BLJ*[@'$\XY8)G/T%:X93BAGI]L8


# K4:H[]/@
9I:UG-3EAGX$PX+JL%943

M(%[ 9Y;C(87&GM;[0:?AI#T#/.N*C@R G%J[(A6% 6!]D?297I-E:M+K#'
M29AOS:& @$00&BQ)O@A%U/Z:=(R9M6 CGES@I:P0X#:/ WMJ 2QSK3\LU?XD

4%S'0*:3R)6I V *
M4&-R%VS





 5^ZS97;4:S/3 &K?)BJ4X]C)%B
MCO2DGE]2T.@9N8PZI61QQFC?G- 0X MP;&I&O,3: ^[LT_K31B_IK$M
MS^8N'U^8;]JEHS8*PX5I- =@GW1*J_%


7G QGL
M@A8KQ4J6=I]C
9?F_/MAF%)&#!.:O0=ML:!03IG4\#4.PACKVJF:3^6ATI+
M/4VQK%. 5762^\_2
._D@)1UI/EN +_L2OW)([B0%6-AOL=C+A6&J'LU_@
M:;,KK.*V45!B+XR#M)&W/HOC,6SZ'4ZP9 _61)JPN87P=^8XQ?\DMCAG\\W
9*&6U2PDZ*NBW'JJ?8Z&_;7F\KTO1&0$?





VE
M69HM1:ASRMZ:











^



R55NBY+J=;M1 F67O

AEAHG95)?3UMB&SY9-9


V(FQVHI?6

ML05B]SEFFJO:M

M-U7\[]AJ-S(G9// P6)U[D)L(.!A[$;89P8T!QZ(#=I8FVX.R@16_/)LSBY$



8=<\;P!9S

M\*;9



B]P7[@:VXX0)@T5H6=XB

CJ]16+45RZQZMN.JJJV 
( YD1_(LP'B





P&VUJ_4M




<DDA <ML_63


ML]UN&IT20SR(/(D\B3SKK
O7/QY9OIL:S 4#WMM@']QGX\<GF*?T='
MHT/3:/7;QG!8WAWU2SJR:1<Z:N0O%$*MKHGI:6GDQ(BPB+*L*FZDSX6P
M*BO:=?S1_2]6[3JR3&N%T_AJC1&Z%@E+E8JWN6*CQQMR
]U0@D7M7?9U())
MU88-F8TVE8H@1D.
AAC-$15EINSM'0V_UV= 50+JPGS/KL!TNQ1W \[3\O4!











8%?1



M^ *Q'Z5IIL A
AP@V7;8)_@3Y#0=Y[=R*F.VDYS^B/B+]B48Z$S
M))HG8/O$M;Y?CJP05I#JB0O_
0ZB5 ]H9/CYL$1BP![ :F:Q$-J %EB];;*0
M.DJJ:


AP4@

MFB($OWK^D[ )2F4]3

X -QI^X
1HJ#!U3
M8G0Y)4=A%OCQXU2




M;]Z:-\W;9O_JX]7UZ7E7_O;ER\V_[G[^F5U]OF%WGQ^N/O_M[N//M^SJ_O[V

#
M
!W0BI1/V0 A'VR\RX[2N5;6KPAK5745 -XT?&$O,JO#*W6  D4N'DB@;[




C3

M620!W&VB.F7#EDLQ=]YG;H0) )\A7O6D9/@*0K'(

M;X/=29_ZF@-**64,Z:HH9'VFL,2V*!T2(D P/ *,6L.'*& MDTH9H)A8MT
MC

M@@JXK_31=9)+F[G+(V%CIZ

MO#YA
U#$G;DK_!L)MJ


_ 1TOF

MB?(0 VKQC.R$7BTF1

M:8!J$F59'%3T[*?P*SHF! L


MBHMU.X9IOFIQ[_KB#:D(QZ




G$MBP=F@:8I7%

7G[ZXGC8B@A,(E&T
MP),TCI+A[/-*!6W?'#.*H1FHA-C$5*%!?9U\M8F06YN(L&N]&640:8CZ6

H39P)O*-JE8RGY6)Z1:5XF_'[\8H8J(Z0
MY#P)4IFI,&']#2/)(4B2;O4T5CR];A(8\D'6O:A+D7%1J2/W+!__B3J/:6
M%]A)=& 29-Q@'_.5)-0#E?2291BP3E5H613&9SV!B66\A)%J]($L9%.'-D
M?5=EBZ+REMXQ&ZUR5YZDL14),$E(JR?AAKR.4N#RV?4Z9(3
^]]M-
%T2M!

MX^[7L5='B


M!\O$@.^1C$(3&O$2=UY2T];F?7W9L!




0.8!L0%B \0&=F0#


MQUVHLSLPS
RTWYQVZT*&ARK&AV9Y
M'_U%J1]9;C78U 9L&OLQ)N.7U@O^%.(NMH;2,01FM'M@ PKTB4*8%
7;*C:


TK^X\PP:!%K(98
MS?&SFJ.PX&O%A\A_1/XC8G!'P^#J@D6UXF'U85/]@3'HO]Y='/F/B!$1(R)&


MA8%;$VL.^
I9Y5#

F9L%.!13_R@I -L-H;E'N X

M*;U02Q

MY+J@'[










*$
A<A<6$45A&@F4-$9@(_<T(?8EVLX]+

_CSSS2_/4$LV3*]_7D %X



MFM)UA[Y[4%38);MW9G


#U
MRMQ? 
F5ZR9'N'[? =?NZ&$
)SF'-*$VN;?/&7])9CN*C\9J*N%)Y1G?@:EF


MU_51N1*_: 4+-/HJD:2 ]

!%0-?
%@(


Z5/:3B6

:E%!BLB).@9J$[82
MCE;@A%R6F)%O8\9_[.+)2(2)0TD7L @O L$CR$_=A*U+MM$0TE4QP-=4FHS


MI%C$!%B-XDY3!V8


)^N#R$HG:'NK52I&E\K5_))%F#4N.[/XY6S E5///Y;
M'8/=A](ZKQVH$B6(A7'$C\8S
6YI'$(.PZYZ[YDW^U'HYN($*_)^(/UO2 Y

'
M4L8IK49DRRQG009JY7Z(K!89\!@-$W2$\4O0.CFZ'#RE]R%4X9_8_C<B@*I
M:0([! SV&!RK)X^

M'K!^
 _0
DD12\.J=*SEJ:7&ZH(6YPEMV88Q+.#O*?_.YFL477GM;U_4+GFM
M-ESFSA/%Q'ST8RKNP#T0$8E1H-&W)/;[VVN8 W@&/ PEO7!X(/F[OL8NR^
MX5S1KVR: W:A^?KNKS[B=YH[[SUHS5
'5&54*$!Q#MDCF@#H2/2E6U&-FQ0-

M9$XZ@\L@
Q;


^3!8:==-3*


(V&?U7\6=V(O
7W-M


'

I6H*+X232EH1]2E-7




?0S8\VE]A\KW:CPA-;\C[U!E



Y1







'$V
MCQ&








MY-S1B;-VOS2BJLO95ZT0DO0YX0LRDT(HB!XHA$(+PS;;%&1'%$$2(GFOV2BM

5W%T%7
#G!J]1M48+26*')BM'6&@LLT

MU
G+M7./C;N?6@&_'%DA'^?BX2[
7=C3Z5YHM8SAL#0ML2Z'7K4R2'+GA*^T
^<H]5HD]8CRWISRSE'JM8Q.
MM_KH(*(]HKVZ *XV4L\<4+QYA1[/TW)L/@26%SKGQE9WQG\$WL!GUM1X%@1
M'[.)'W8F %X/=@!M8G%]UJ&V:1Z+#ONDX31=^I#1O4\HSH@6(OZ(Z9Z(+D

S:V(PNX*XKW
M1CX+IU; +T=6!_GUF+&O0A_MY%'C9GCL6C*L:G9DQ.J(BF.9_LS+DNDP!RV





#L WFNA1;8_
MFW
!80[(1B(;:4L WL O

X3WAJ6Y].IR[&0HU4?V'!TY5-!7Z%3H
M@JRE=9#]S/FSWE@B80\UP]#9EM!L)CXP3-FYI%6M]%;-S:K?(2P$]=K2.;

MC9X'R=!=R_JR]9'E/3I8YUO6B*O$5WLZOM@6^H*JCT
[#[(DHX2BU'8BOJ'1

M!737-CK-TK(HM@7/:9

M4U$I88+



LK(G;/


M:B_DVN\*K'6 T
99(68=FOA9G\CS@YGEYM1$



!YMG^$-
M]LS9U!J7E&O1'E20(Q59WR_!:.(VY@)


?

MR5L


 *O'/O/\






HBW-&V.N%$

M]SR*7#[#^U197(/-KCBY-ZC'A[DB3AJ74Z)'9A&H

M-=
G<V UV([NQX(,) FG=7!S/]F<2BRS;!MZ/[5D,V5O(7/=E?[<.H'
M$0^6U@^'Y_AC=<S8ILB2'6768IN3CX+4W*7BR_GUB()]+.M<)HL6;NNA?=Q


[
L)(Q0 3SP9
M*RQL672/O:1F@L_KZD4J/![I*]J/=STZTN5=!U*7A1-^VCL.C[7D19FD91










W0

G$D6:@7XP H[3+N
/P^L:21+<<A



:P

]A&^&CCGWH+@J

MFRVS-Q@

MZJN!Y.%,DYNO7V7)/1VH74K.V#BH[ T_U0*GIL01NYJ+-F@E(*?_S/I'G
M!S/+S8L@?8=6 3#

KVH.2%?MO

FW.5B8Z%^13G9A&J5H-JJWDR
[BV$[-$+46KW7BJO



MN7+8^V 2*\SWRH6.!K*C!@8PR[HT(%QX( JZ^)AF'[9%?S.(YFQ-0]\+$C
MW\
DBQT.^M3L=M3]V
MS/ZG6ZDZ^M/G[KMFT\M%<+=[#3-P?!-0KAK2%O?.-Z)NPMV-?;GB._90;#\

YCOUB!/14_RI20+(M) _-]
MA!E\ 5#\1Q_^81?O/EW=?WSWGCEAB)R$X21J H-=^S/


THX7
%1I8AVFC.%;<+8AEB:8.5$D


F
EM.TYRBTC18042AP.*O?H))]
M$;

070 G.8H
\NM


MU88^*M-D3%1 PP5E'[G$/%4J(90)^&


M//ASQV;]3E-N*=T@X#7
@62.1*7XPE8[=CQ112#9I
S!E@_HFU??[PR#(B&W
MCG^LDWU'6Z3P)57[3E'0UIKV'F6TRG2_K-G/;7IP@!YP8)L;++[!NO=W&^V%


[3)5(@+P0$8-A


:I\


]X E
SR_#4/5H


C^;+

M)5/Q
Z#25X%^\
)7F &_OTYTB_RO\&VP
IMX^&5%QY$^UD)S%6L^S9-9YFH-



MDA\500N+^
DV




K/DT9%_C )%&W$;=1V#S@4FM^?&2V)%[/H]RQ7%[4N]('.RX5_'M
M[8P'C[@CX2$
V8

M*HXI-5-E6R6A3BAX=U7Q05G-\&P#4F)*/LRUCOBKO]L2D@D'X#9BL_CG02
MR\UD3&LLRG-*-X3.V8HL34UL%0VP81
[47*;*'F]RF_N2\BFP3YBI!0ZDT#[



MDF3S19#B ][XIY&'#7U$=?




M)=ZR/C!^DWVXB;F ?9@![YNFE2&!_L(M]%PD!*G%UF==0'[.HM\T7-+&QWIR
MV
)CS#&2U9&7UKJ^KMC (KD_#CFH9YHA&'!K#
!(PY6EY$T#$U2D7=)$!#M[

@B/])C
MZ?\49C?DF;-

B)LE&6'DJY<<)+V<=$1^X02B*5VV+VVW
MJRKQUF)B-P


M9Q&'87+39^CJ@ 8VW8K$Y:=KW46J'^P;.EVIWED?BMI9*]$[(A3U&W_BF/TC


$62'8



MW]2^)\60C(O$&!GES52^E

M!.S6:!N;K/[$+'=K'&G%FA03Y54!(HKSA-0\OEH9:WO%0%1-(G@&TFF8[J



M




F\V PZ+]&0$H:^[ZK4.%E3+=NJT#:S$\B]



RCD+D/
5
M+SF)P7R2N5;PD_7XB

M4T;CMJ(*=[I$A^LMAS67$\+_G@J9A+Z!SR=Z1!SD%I#96[DHE*1DRT86HWS/


MOQ

M5G:=NZ-2#ZKLY%:K^?X#QKFM#81[L+ZS6U5G0_AAKVPE%& )
IJY:(+B2_DE
MAY*




SS)5X%/UC!


_I1.9]]LW/W JUHKGX:_9CJC!BH3XNO)WZCTI



1^(Y<MSPG)<!3!$S4D@W]



I(VT)

@S+JXJ&


_534N1^VX!+6%14Z__ZCP



5[YA/'H\R&UG1\^


IGL
M;5=T5_%W0+J606]H0ZSJ*EQPW#ZL%KR[G))RHD]](4T=A&Y/Z9AK NI_J&:
M.KG+/E+Z:0=T[!L6]7



E$T


RBH=?+HM9?#199'A]^FC9TJ'!\LP

M5MYW
M^I970W3V?<E%5FRUZBK<'C
MI]^57O-



M)ODI2?

M/A+O[;NM4  EC\V-*&6LYPY6-5FMH%+&-4J





/U=JBCT8##

Z=4#80B7


$VDVCEB8^-QD%'^.^%OX+_QO
4O]








M#LIU56



MR0#==C'6$7KN.0ORMD[5^CI*BO6UG3J5;-/L=M2K*X


7I7ZOXSK.ZK/R^P2CD






EB

?O^D[L /

M*@J3-


.'@P^G&+^6





45+KJZ
F


\-*P4%^Y&?B.
?(I4M5C3I70$CW6

O:BG^E85Y_MFS
MGPY(E





M=:


@#

MB#[6\LCC+E5@@-F*T4G!]D=S1J$TFGUNF+//6_5_J3LN]S^*7!KN TH/Q52.


3*D+R2
4O+ 2

MW-.;O,;HU@RP-Q+W@3PBF/4!HB&8 _*P_8]ZDK;C!(PNGD]_G]XOJ!B/:)



M#U=23- BIY(









\U/FO6WF;CNI(_2A



M2C3*XG0 (TX/IZ'T3L%24J#L.\N&_&'#D2[61&9'+%X_,VC*47-2N51_U+
M&6\N&@](SS+H%&V(55UE#(X#QX'CP''@N'IP7-TKU'QB_!8:L*/V$]2%&
HR
HEP77BGKI+ ;AEM&\=;(0D@6HN9RVT;)-2 )(
/I!]'0UEPP \S/MZYX^.GUC8%WZI;R_.T:[2;
M7=4AG6I7$$/TL\: L=I&JX$P( !2
SID&Y;68-LZ!  IN* :72-I@D=LK?K

@Q^;),'OW<T 1Z0W+);V@?51^0_]*-('6
M)4NNAKR&)M!@MH







DA%S4_^)!2_GY(XQ\BE*F9KAKK!Y
M=WG
.;G@TE=@B ;!BQQR%J2O!



M






K?/A%W/O2WNG4DC

MS?/NCUJ.3'600F'\A!/-5DVTTD905KDEK;D 2L)&-!ZC+X^;\FO^89GGUH2
M_&*QMQ2*Z?-OTWC%533D0O/E_R;DZOHS5_ZNT/#BA&^RVF4;\=W;-O\^(4/

 9^1\:\OF\S-VK


M7^G.M^RD=3KS+=4[GW!AB?2*%;I8_N2''I]?;E@I4L[Y5W'Y!U_$HMW\21/*







\N=

N$
Z3$=BF96OUWE7_7(E;
%ZR6W&?-VF
MY/*DOR+7

M5/*R






M@N=L(^*+_Y'1 VY+!
 L6 VT+B2Y;
M)1MM$1/,<X<LD\_S05@(L:@%-!1PCY



 +5FP&J%L)JR\DU@-;#:VZRVG$(#G7H4(Z_T1MSI
MK=@1C+*$AEZR\?D4]

[[J%+%51T6D/IM.^W/(_5%'G74[;%)J;
M$Z. 1JRVT3;1?^5@/%%C4PNBIMZBIF.TK2XD#20-) TD3;%&3=?H-!H0-84Y


O=Q
M:?]0EX50YTF^1]M]7


M)82=+.LE:H+F5A4537OX0%]D62Z##+

3MAKZQ%PZNT)VOG3AN0SKC:I*.*.&Q'<#V2Y(SDX40&0#V-<KB8W
MZP:

M!ZYL7]D@@DZB?IDG&RTQ40A1E/$9=[!

MR.XHJ1)D-XY:*Z93ZD(WF#OFCKEC[IB[7G

4=R<U5?9:!J-

TU%6XUV7I808@!B &-C&


X *X *Z9 WD8=
&Q!/: /=B.4&^ V&%M


+;1

M)'6OH^QGT:F\.\U\

M=
 F_$(@%\B%W0OEHA6:*.U0$T 4U 4S]HGNJ 3=B]0Z0[OWZ
IUWQS\


VU%V5 E.  01!!$$




M2!22A 9




NQ2&YHKR94JI/'Z;N.(=R^W0]FG#
)UF
M
 &PH4J@2LI
M.'#<86)_U0KQW1<5WZLC,V$CHF![;.^]8#2HT*Y!1;NH]+<*-ZB H(&B@J(
M_X!_RDD?&#JU
W3LAM&UU!6Q@*4#20--!?X!_QPL/OA32KF$77G]W&=Y$7%9



C\0
M=$X
$M#0(^)?]N_



$KE-%PWB\_)9_Y\^42#OZW/2_&G\@+LICP
MH?9Q)D1^3'\K1\6FO&MZ0OO?DBQ(Q86#5




M


8JP\YYPVX85L,LG:ZK+ZX#\=V*K)7K#VW
M0=8LR!JK970:ROP5[5=_7UE3]^
S7^A+' 6!#/T_L)#U_30QQKMZ8K.-?Q([
M=$^

M#6'_F]$@'7 EDV0QY9K&(
]1_(W%TUP+J_UQ0?%(/16)ZOZSF_@%R6X]+^O3

(F3$=^G]
QFFUX

EIMRS#;!9D+
M*)-19^T/40-1
W]?VVP9W8ZRD%EM1





M_VF.3Z^R.&:A^[*II7;0T0(90




M5N *N*H\KJJM(KSEMV6?#]3NBW1E$;'NTC%8?KSU.-Q**V8[1L98U]]R=:
MM7UIQ

DA'


UH[-- /I;S
@T]
HK]*8)BY]\ET,E2M+$(!P W'[
M\\!W!_(=?N@&F:CD)FNB



MU


M F!J#!C;

MF4+BIQ7%NQ9O4UV]2]RW]1XVZC&B'B/J

/
]_^WG%HP+^

B_*.&R+?KE[(2JHBM*+NGFMQ=]



M[8\77T7#8122NS1ROQW3&].%'LKRW

@





M_:F#7UJQ5*;[**4!63KHCG@.O\\R6T:[VT$L!S%.Q#AQ?@9X !Y6ZHB& TP


F  FCN.E5 41.%2Q




M




@W#^%LZF
M'&

),T;_$JKGT]_




OD\QY%A5]BHHX1]F'SX^#K2NUINSV1%


-J7XC\*AH.HS!/RSVF-Z8+/90=

1LS[ @=6^0B6@J. \?I0CAP'#@.'*<_X?;<$6J6/K='

I#AY.UJ!6X

V#-2&O?)LNQ*4.H.7J
M \XU
@H@HM? ? 67EP0G_JX)=6+)DI;UBP=-0=\1P9X^P8';.#6 YB




MQ(Z2VU0ZS\DRNK:R6
)[U-&%;Q!KT?64#E$'2&I ;@KBJ/*V@J( J(@J;2

DIU:U5;U)#H$V@ZA[H#KB*T' &B %BT%\ %\ %
M_:4?Q/;=&2N[$_8YY7^;VQ


M6XJRMM&Q(

M-#J;




S




MMHOI6 812ZDFM*
LV

A:V0%6N^BV3SW.\*^B*$
0H81\F'SZ^WLA;;4M

[;IOIOW):$RN0Z%+L*]V


MG/.-?=XU@O?U!UP)S%^672(CZDUM]THJY
3A6JX#2-EE7\UIDN:R_N0\6N
\LV$6R'B^)XZ8N[[<C]_%M'XO
MU;)@TUH]GDYMH]OHJ!; I=Q9W/_P*

MYX2
W-3XW#\/]/VDSG7)H



MJ7 S3??%AZB!J(&H.8ZH:72-IL)NW[HO_KZBINZG#T1VISMUODYCYC+_B7D_


[&^.SN/KK

ML^9$SEQGCJLH26^B^&Y 8W8I3O9\H2_BH1=Q3
-'^?QDOGGS[
+73TDN7T1G
MYZW/\[3-1NNRT6Y?FF;WRK*:5]=-


MO(&\@;R!O-&/VR!O%A+ED
A3G&]5+1?JZ]T?.%DD[FL:W9:R#!U=5K=H)0Q=
M6V%$6)9A-I6=M0

7JKJIARVH:5EM9@B7 A8!C[2'5-CH=90W&ZX(H


7V2XHHJH<'1NPW1OY!;(V2\(TX6J3;NL]B1-81],
MBNC&7C-<4?A-:4ABP&2;03=FGI^*4FU?[OZ85G3S3'&1=E*5).-^ D9Q;XH



8^7*&/_!WCZGHN
MYSGJAV*YAG)RS,W$/!+R//#= ;\_




M=LIN&
HJAL1=2N^;'/B$$_:VJ:BN0F_573#$-Q#?V$;+M0S+ ;J +JKF)*+
M#74[R95'5]W#ASW69]Q](H__U''%&AX^^ ?\ _XISQ'
#2R)O4ZFU%#4_+4




MT!

9
EL[49M?!Z]=
?*




M2_Q$5

E+DRA$P:A&E')

ME025!)4$E025!

3E7_V4


M:V
^M
Z;ZK ';&F#K4+).

DQ


M[=RJM'MUXUTY
W5LRU8&0UT6'3&O\L5TM





^QCK^6WR/Z(Z3#B
_^/\S+J\3Z29+1T&6$#RI)$\0:






M-

M7Z

MNL;IICF/KSQ__:&C(C9J)S?7M/YRD8Q2UB8)H229_D2YA'*ATP?&8EIR@SB
MAVZ01(2.AH%?:=?TP9?S.5%Y#AC1^]

'S

_/IJW=YZ+HE?&O95TF!.9OCKRQ)
M_?Y+_I,?<IF8YJA6&IP;,)+2[X3U^\SE/!/U2<J&HRBF\0OQ?/YKS$*73_71
M?Q(,$_L)OR$BWG@Q!]%P_P95*X*.0UFB_(C9\&8?7B3B[8ET0:D7I(0\S04

MO.FLM$(V%]SYD-K.#]NJCH7[K3UOW_?^4M]^V-?O5![_\

O&&9=V<\&W8YK!NI!%




EKJ:D]6WHR#DP0G



/L

6CU@:<$66I;@:]K.$UUG;;K#;[:^V<X
M^8.C#M@ T4-)E0X7IUU+F2*OJFW#W8E


M']%IHVO8HN2;DJ;:HLN..\01!!$VPFB5LMHMPJ*:=16$,W94#^EHAS^RNOG
M/LN+B-CS'4__EQ/S1'[G4W4GW\?#?46A%J?0_ SN_2%+R?V3+Y&0QI^).M(
ML


M






$F4QER$3?A6R

W\6VQ]DUXS'M-A/
M92NX;


#QE1^
MIA:





H6
MZ-AH

5MQT/00-! T$#0K+9H.HT&! T$
M#00-!$TYD@IJ(V4.6L^]


R'^,&?]_K KPOBAS[/=]1@_3&GXZ$^0G.



@7


I+3($J2'\F(





M7J7

M#^5&*F(4:
]M$#6+!W!

M1%+.

4'_5!@3=J-E6.I:
M&0(3P$3I
K;H_Z/1KIPDD(SNBJ%LK*8ES%-EY<4
M+  +PIB1[HNPJL:%?YL_O?K=I5LI/68YX6MVK


6(;=L@VK


4AR\LOA/1+]DY^2+TQBD0]^+Y]YP8EP$W

N^_&0W2

M$
XZ(B=%D)RXDM;$#PG-J4T&DMS$S;O

LX)=0;G.G T;Z


1!ZIGS(R9C1.9QH[

MOU@L


ET&I




MI-[I:0 +P *P'#OP6/6XX_&.Y]3'63LQ-



DW
@A3T6!TGSY'
MU3XX(N^XT7NTK?]Y)%/KZO+.@^]
STKP':)(BAZB@(R$C*Q8Q!R2$I(2DE(%

M6SY5;\C7(DA^#\+[F$6/XM'7P21-XO

M[M=?_OJ7GS8]VWOD3W'#





M\

M8=K!10 ?%N?#3M/94.8^)B)S8*Q%QCIJN7




M251



4 
4 
6@P0.S;$FIYN]SGA

J=F5%:J-3]3CA79A0OQQFLSBS#<+TWF=[P5+Y4/7?#D:^=YFR





MK#_3./&&SU+!=1VX?CK@+


M]9YX!__8;9%;QLBGD/_5:$D3$#_]D

M&:C5UG
M

NB
BE.Q$\&KL\=?2:-:]











KY_51\
#Z1O](7.^%:<Z3/.9E&\<.*9K3D//125W & A@@4.9M
MQ0$PC%(O(7^FW
C1IE^&/GT


MA9TN6LLB(5FT;Y-VFF.G70[5
YW01V$IQ\UIE9\_NHJ6\D@D?R_C97=QVL9N

M$=:JL8+KM:2=E 4H.6
58DMZJ!L[46S84G*HK!?X/HGX\-![9'F &+I.


QJX.=G6V9Y=6^:6M&V^[--(EP*;.\2D[9L2=#UV-
IA#U$O%0!


+9C8#B
MMNS;4ZY![T-_

MV[/=UC$Z;+QLX-!_A@%[)F
:?67)
3&
7
)JY1*6GTJHRL*+^]!?[#BJ$&*F
MV6(F9QK'-

M




?
M7

M
(6\PQ26E+


?1B#3V;CL07;1FGDPEW
MGT4P):+NF@A #7@
6#P46WU^7*PY(8(P\2B
N+$\JXVQ/@!#PBQBLW GB\;Q

1&G69]RC8.2:Q




M-YPCE\*T%*X)V*!J
3/M1Q.R$?+2ZI_C(.2;J1]U. CI=#2NV4LGB2J+OY-?

MKX(JKT332R7T?#7ZI!IM6S

-$N%B5 Q$Z&
[.OC'I2U--N4=E+V/?*HPB\P
M


KI


MM

M'''



'@!Q



MCD!+6K6P9@ -X9%&PZ4-N  N@
OA[;MFP 6QQAUBC3&+'CTWSTZ$P_5VJ
.V




2.X^M%X$\( \.'NI'[DLEE
N#

=.
MO_[IAS0^?:!T\O'6';%!ZK//PWQ+ZIQ&[#R
DSL1KA-1O_A.//B.3_?
#]VO

MX#]0-SF]

SZCH

M7;QUF@[B\QN3IIZ(V/L5Y[WCS%..T\G$Y^[]
77#1N*K0K:_'2PZ6(5PJ:%W
M-





PY06(59EC:&.
MR@-/$4G;0'5D&)HIK_@JM%'-M=$=_Q.CPX05J?/=W'R?KJYKND1X(=^GX?D^

M8C9#J^VCU2H/JU]9')
TH..0S_2_LXU.+XY3&DR[
MVB-I?!MGK2UCKS6%]N2IY*ULXY_:K7RL,VR7S.LEL-QR!F33;Y:[3V#$LS

Y?MSH75OC NKR[/
M.W;?.9_6!]2MJ_9%IS%98SZ-$\&3Z3@@6;H5(WFFDN]Q:RK[SKY-OCO%S^@
M3N)OY\5PA


M19@NIX;2MJKVH(.[%HK7&_*%$/:%DD/\E&8Y[Y5E-N6.@RE&GX












MJ
#N21G;-9








\R]0SUJK

LY)9-
M$I;%7C*XEQT/Z5C'%X!RXR%O

M_[N;K7_$Q&X!^?*E3T1_
Y*W=B+TD7I^)L=SG=$A3YP[1$K:K'7W_\;DF='H


U:-Y&L




(UI



M(N:&#P'_=9 =*/3#N)0]J!KM]^J:96Y]1+KQ^[UPG)%-441[:8YI EP %\!5

D\;


?3F0M_5+<F5

C60U]%T%JZ'O:JUT*OJN'C@GL^K;T^B[JHX.4898




JP&W=

Z&EZ2!8WT -58CY)GR=NB!/ /R-N63AUI-;=K

5!VIS<&2CX_0(5+PO%J1X3FH\

MV%&WZ74L4;SR:+R'
F\H7JG*$99&LMK6!V4AZ$I5LI57HB@H*%76G8]H\
(
M%ZP)L^4\M%W4=1A0N4(!X[;A7!-3SP[6Q-



/0NGH/=A_\/U2

M*/\D)A/J#6\O5/(3W,,::$XU/*#YP3/:7OP&9I]@&W:9HO\3Y5%A*
69+X

M00.M4



M!KP.99%7?F

M@T.Y3Y77







0RC9$02



MUS

^

V

(Y(&

? *MP

XKNDIJ9\8OX7Z3%HZ*I*\





VPRA@<!XX#QX'CP''-X+BFUW- $^B%^QK:YLWI.IIC2JL!H\IJBON0EG@\
M90U)4#U)8#M:UX$D@2 )&BV).AU;*VC2TO
5F4U(0D@2 )DS:U'3#T70=



0




MK+W





'\D

XC;)





;-O29F\33H^OSTA$O)2/$0?65LA&O

MQ&S&'MD!XTGDC?

V
MULCO1W]F FRSQ$7Q0'GJ5_#U(L]&O!K;D*7OS5AD4:N@\'T-X]#*_8&3/G
M' _#


M6X7;$;L/GQ]HH)%_9Y7F8B\0;
]9VO?%?T..BVA^8GLVZQ;Y-R
C^KC ]@)0
M


MUA6%&2(JB


MU9=5







@M\;IUR:M]HV)DG4C(.FD.QQ-M^5U7P.X Z :^Y '@9=





!- %-0%
]:)ZH@$W8



.
M$SZK690L.^:ED8 EB

([ZZL^%X3F0D;$27;8WOO!:-!A7(-*KIE
MI;_5N$$%! T4%105^ ?\4TWZP-!IG*%CVEK/D%?$ I8.) TT%?@'_'.P^. /


Z$)?RJ_@/-_
M]F' 7_VPD

MC;]MR DOQA]G%Z01X4/A


?XI3/Q$7C9,^.H


ESL1-
BGEE'V@SM2[C)!-58K-E_

UD


M6([FV-+R%U592W$?TA./IZPA!RHF!\RNJ5F.M+N*FL).0 Y #E01 Z8EF9L
M'PAMBAQ Y^5-E+W*LQ:?LR1%$:$3&5H1Z



*8
:%8/@9:N=3K2^B4W VB(#C48
;-S;X8I+5JF

HC8LS2K8P7,G#9]#+\G[,R)B?YJ97O?LV


FUK/EY5CM2[=ZITHB/G&(^$1SL-O6NEUY:5C +K +

M\3,Q;S&\@]&XK^==/K$_J-2:NVB';34JE4B?I

(CD'20-*L
ME32ZJ77*
JX@:B!J(&H@:F9'QBW-DG=B?&O:-


D#X@UXN^4*?Q4_])QH-OG#Q)5X6N/G??@^\



MSTJW0Y3G-GEAS_?8JA+2IMN2F'F^MKO*VD:?V N,^K8X)@1AGH.*:E=1RT
MJX1SB[
_+^K$:1G26F?4!1$X^O-&%J.8/1O\


9*MPCT41<,SB\&<DBAS6R%,N^VDRL7) /X6





M4G^.F5^](1
-6;-R!3$V=DO8V



CJ5-E2Z

M(5J31VL


%QWTV\



23FBE:Z8:(\MR&6I1+&?.]5K?\:CZJK#TD
MC:*2!H0#X8[H1!Z0B


MH;N-H=N4\VBSQ(2W]X8E;K77
Y)_8MH]K6W(.[BV+Q6;;6$C5(*32(N1;[W5

(0

=B&@
(A2C3\G]!.1!!*RC


M













XZ_;
*_W2N.#_].RVXWSX

J3

#&Q( 9/2.6Y3P

Y=
M)F$OV)!%HI#J,A XY@E627+.V!T%EDLD@0LH&MG Q3TVUY)?7K7A446TP2

8DA$)^


=YO1&D1UZ%'@N(R*K$-\J1SAP



?DOYC(?/G#7ZT^RGR]V_3!.(W;'7+F



X;LYA\8D_D)AS3S4!?

&?)U(L^<_6+BQ?PN_E<1





R


MVS 

S_RO^=KQ%U
MHS.L^VAWX4D'I#;A%. T_-S&LV'(A:1$X?3E+,#&3?^PL-7G$-=W#B\U


.H7RCEG.NW
W9UZ;FNSNQ6U@TC=W--4PIV[GM

9I^'!

M
H@;C@?$I3?%I2
6CZ8FEEF*B56?PTB6@Q )0B0*::8:0:L-: %:@%8IT$*X

.
M5ZA

BQ 
4TDGU@99A 5J %J!5!K2037JH4%N[\H;@

M;D_:2:UWR58)+D+XIW1[ /(+\DN:_#*DY;9!?D%^07Y!?AU0?CF:4:C_(N27



MJ#@&1M0?GG)^/Q4?

V5 DU8

M



C%



D6^'FC9D]FO-)2/Q$,^J&-:-6E1'1M!6M
MJ-$?^(BLAE;48#6THJZ53FU&(^ID%*8Q#0;H1+U_I/95R.QC*3+O@+2L@K)0
MAECUU;+@.' <..Y8A-NW8IM3=;5ZP6A KL)P$!_3QU*%&M).(Y0WYS(J.CB:
M@Q)$B4<ORFZ*KS32#E@=DW-<J2%=5592\@!R '(@2)RP+0T8_M :%/D0&F1

I-%1++^Z=O(Z $\*T!GZ-U#]#N

S0 :HD




MU3M5$O&)0\0GFH/=MM;MRDO# G:!76#W8*?6M&Y;WKX9L%MBY++Z)Q'.%WMZ




MO0^F370B0U(RLYAZ-J





MCT^ -)\*$' &(.G(*4J_'&&_^]'_F6$/1QA(9]$:6? 
)&]V1_A[$^R_$_
M=B[.$#3^M_NOZ[






*@';/SG]4 LJ'





2Q T1W1LLU'800+X1+ Y-'T2.0'[*XAW4:Z1%KWA



M^&0A(0GUR][5GE:@08J&G^4

W4CA:@';N@%N$XR4^I?/9G W

1IPV&2
X(@4?FJH






'9 

MQ6SIND?P




M96=M&
3<7:3SNGQ
M8-3IV1/*8OMWMVW_IIRB+5ZN=J!_BM$$)$D5.#GZF6O /JV6/I<0'6 RN=^

]6Z56;8-()^CT296 )DKD&
HP 76/[+836<B

M^2%@G8I(W'!T@?%G!JD72;2^HU
(F)3$L^!3(E

9.D@HG
ME[B37TGI?8@;-]3V9B-#+/GG7^CT'W.IT&X0?]QD/6I@+MOA''ZU!(IA\3

M](##P 0I4VMM8_W#S?

KYOK%QGKGS8+5_C%&^A\2NS_$





M%\0_;'EW

SMBE3GK;]:XPHPPN)%!9





N=WTEPF9Z
M8*Q0

M;JG0 
?4L :!BP6H5[%PE)%;JY$P#^TN@$4VC8
1:3!7).JWD136P:;2_0

MC5N?5Y3:0




_WSH);

A?+*BRA4V-7E[T!%](LU_TFHH=6AF19U5+P+$6 A
M3EB8RB#0%=:D[RQ?F[(*3

M-E!!

M+0Z2);GM1T(29F$Y0
1UU35Z/'9E)KV=VHT8F:VT(Z1VQ1TUIG+^=-@^W#M!

MYBLHT6MG(3MQ@*9K9V/HCY*./F,?!A-'.5!0]U1?'$/DJ$2F$#8NHG)A\6;
M4CG67.MX7
X&PFJI 3
0$&N05+:?)(88S.D!5$.BX9FW !5AY+:3M*L2M


M;)L!O\8DHVUMYK*5

MK1?RI)3L-ZXK!IE[PN7 U1'@X#H0S3;_(Q\\R*F Y;JCAN4@*+29K2A!CCSM








QXG\4BF#JFGS
7!QXL.?]

-7=\!AZ)_)JM1H$Y6A

M?\F02P9\U_JDJOTS!\

L77I23EQ0;[:J''/;
Q\L1%_?%J-LL ='I


MOH2GT5Y)U0CNO'$H;E6[B$*X]TR
O@H
66+'/YD6YB_+2#0@!35D)6S8^M4
M^'PU][44


M'
$6<Y6H_
MVVC+E@
0!2VR9EET8%$


B_Q9<B)

/U6!/XN6L;%#'GF

4SSA086JFC@_


5!B )7


?\WA?
ML^BV0:+VLOR8!^_[B8K-SMG/N;DX  ^XL.--6[=Y[TD:ME: ZQGH]%&MCG&O
M1


M)XJ-H'B\]SIOR]6DWE!
IS'XFYIW H)%H48\5=OM0;)$VI1G*OW84V!*5:!
ML97R'C9XG 0W 476\N!3B4EH7K(&5%U3Z5F42 PNZM4Q^+'DK
\!:=!6.\-





%

M@-(G C]XX1/


%6@C@W-A(!R)HQ&


M!M^(0)5$XQB
M\S^E#D2SQSU8VNBXT+$&:9MHS27#]DK79.X18E?6'D8Z:W.

MG9GGRB.Z(%1A@;0P*I.A






3Y(G_GH8C<:7FGNI<2/]#



#V%UM3)R^IW$6&-F(#O%NTL
MSAQ!RI4V=+J-#LS0M?.Y#-
:F-UY)&;;N(;B9MD46S!0*P
M; [%#A=@7B]Y

=E:[1
MXW^I

MOF.L!_XFMK$()J?N+7-!$[B##\8CF&\%]JX\*)PZ9K8R_VMW_^D\K?J_JE




MSD??F. S#BG7Y67H=QON$BP)Z=1KU93+ E.%A-7B.)^I?8L?3+$ %A=06T3?
M[&M$Z.Q'6(NSD$7BG#O78O)6=DFUM);I3(6ZH[
*+OM9$N*HSR3K?NX:K7*G
MC
.%A+WEY


M5@03*7S


MJHHR8




M+;Q&9]IZ&\O#IJ8&J(K13BD 2%DSE2W%*KU:BJPC8Q45EZHFZ+A&F*$HE:QO
MH6.7:(F4WXD*[?YH[!(=]J6ZJ4FJ1;C/Y?R9Y?@RM-UDB_X&VQEL35LB8&XH
M]:IT?B*9


G;OD@W4_'Y1
U;
# JY)P
MMU6YKKC+O$21-65CFN'X24GY 4=;]$X0\AN&+XQ'JIBB&Y9E'R0DRD=DO%





MO+*'0@-$SKY/J





P;SG7GX2-S=H7'1U/M=H2\ 4L0FDTRS


M\L&LP


MDE13X#U2^BC

M=VT_&LJ1P
8GI363;X59@J8AE:

_&T04J'DEZT2

G_JG3
MT#7_=-DR5[VIN]&E0R=R63F



/-6:X^ZJE1JPEQ!]P/<$RIP

MFS^D2)VBN?BK_=$(C%BH3Y*UT_U1





M
8^J@

MBHHMM@.0

T-JZ+

MBH.37TKZ:64Y!0. 77EA
1E3$+XI)? XYX7?NCY+A^V1V;1\ )B2JOV
6'92
MO8^3*26M=



@\PZW

MGW?.VN?MH\.CX_;.KR66XA+UZV *=_

O45KD*_AEU#

M$_8YQ*-
=D=P4V*6RO?ZCTH+%+NHQ/R%872XE.@?.YW]'2^)[]0'\_[S+=_
M)K5#J.7SFGHG__US82!GAKI!R^]W'OGZ8]]_T:^_[-6_J,TO089;+%0. H9

A9_/[(!T_C#_8U^8KY07.7CAQN]C.
MSN*C4F1-4^_9-X]8A/?W-OWWH*.L)7#UAX5]M632S''1ISOF&



M6K7K_!;4MJ#V)*#6V_+4S1#H7KS ]N:2?

M^:C4Q\G[OX]&4H['&P5LCR=VVLXCLJ('&RVRWY
]S#W^33FXGYHZG:6 MBIF

&@,37OM:##D]FQ7[OLQ=5^*,[X*5K42WZN^+<2;N[57BVMI7-X5JO![6Z






M&ANHB7IDDB#)^#N1B
MA0#&6H
MR

M;CW+WGG











MJ?/5P\$W9\S9S/G*^#?RC X/=2='_7@-O
W+TC]N;D1+VP2]_<APE
M?#*;






M

(8#%_G(02%;[
M.*+[C4GR\-B6)-F%4-)9BGST9$N1[(+]3A(SY]B6&-DED
OE5BH' !YD X?(

1HQ(JF._

)P+J(.HY$5@GAOOS41%:89PPP-Z _J)^


MUZH/6'N-HD-H;0^-I_


M]KSEU






WU8:=GYWK


MJS _K$EA4C2BKGN=:2= L





5H? :F1[





N[:Z+/\@.-P0]10&QJ$O6

=]<QE5 *F1XG*0S)K?F9GZJG&$%+EL.

M5N$V&*N[+N$24E4S'%
V(^I.TN!1#@K+WMD\U/0'@_$%$U.8=5QH2_Q0+BKC
M
6+XEE/\%E&LG.I/33NG2W5*OLLC#=-YBK8NDYY!W '

MTNJ*@'3@=








MALNS?MYFU&V=J-7.U*MJ8_9


^DKU[RYS:E

M!:
R&^'X)T

$8V'6*.F; :S6C4K1=#KU0PP38]6:UQ5Z^Q.9


MAU5?;#SP7A-R



M\J_U3/3MYJ'GZ'
_MX
?2]_(K\OAJ/L:LN1J3X'G-7MHV/G:HT4^S]AI$O
MICW$
221/G!

-RKWE*!7X?4TS=0AE'MAPUIUO*!:A6G%'*R
M4QP]LJ.'3L\W[W5BF:C:[OVT!%\K_]*JWD[^.[UMU%0FZSAVM(ZQ:I6AM+]K
MJ0S[DT+6RO$6IR;? )5:U2KM7-FIUO[0Y$:TSS)
I1Y]M$0RK31B1T

#'4L7I_PC)'#C57(!+(52'-'\TA4DB6']1/E]4WSZ&MY

M/E77
_70+ 9YFUN;FL*K_JS/S%X=!'DOS@I;7L&/J.WNG6D.%M=SU:@J_^
MED\


ML' B1)RQQ
2)44DZ!#N9!M90C%$S7:!LP.$FM23
.3'ZDIG+O5/03@K;B8'O
MA5?@=FM'LA7TZDT6HY?06+0[[T4VDLB&/MI&'^_I\<FIP0@WE_!W\:^]7(L
MR!Z936K^4$_Y+(6BFH\!'H?^#1EOYIM?!9-:^U!*J+*R#_GCODD1(YCRM7.G

@ 2 =@
M[FH@NIJ][7*QK(!66N

M1Z^!]QG-YT22#(^B!Y0RC;UZ!H^P']T]\10(CESQY4#P$!\H87OC_SN7RZT?
M1H*YW_H4#D'*E3%X&[=X]H3Y@4/1#'\YJ&M$?!^8'8
@;#Z=ITC3;[TH(%@0^QB\JQ,[0B[(2?Q%L<U@IIH8E$@MDW/#I,_
MPI0PKO#'WA _,_\9+I4?Q!1RP&KSEMC0DPTQ#TN8;I*[ZM.KQ:\8U12P=6Y








M)6A?JA!O#6U)H\Z%U9FK0D!P4$@:#K'(I!N7UA7-VFYK4;&$PJO139SDHW9Y









M+AS/+A&QO
76/Y80$!F

Y(P^P;RE/2I@V6.^KS-G+J1/

I
MF0=9=3-19]6MDX2;T^G-K[;MEF1WY:\Q5DE8 W66\2&JWMGK&&Y9XK8%&5

M#-!(9L6&W;
H99P-)8KKFW6:
/D'YL_X8@'@( 0;B&Q!@89M.UM98*AN9(
(
M) Z0CR_Q7+KZT$&N(CG.Y5BIVL2J.(2N51R5*0:K693X6F%NWUQ5G=N
3K)F


9;?F&;WB51JU_K!-TQGN6SLR\6


MR
PS:E['WB

M#J9Z9F;8RQ##-=CYT$'%^ZY%B4JH_EA#RH_OAI33#]6D9-YWDY3H#F XOF&B

M?RD_5@.RY4//*Z&OUJ)K840

]6


9SS

5RBFQFF/42EG+


M
C Q-S$R









MX_2V7F5R

(5D=!UU\(Z9.D]RVAY)4
M/PMAH]S:V6MHWMQN?KAI<GVW^;T'+@#AW):?AAFO))G;Z$+.RPYI\U/W\6[




9YR=9YL-CA];P&C


@RFZ=EJ3VK*#
M86C^U:[6S0:AZ_1F


M-UOY=XK:+GV..[


HF<[3?



)SWMM5


4/]@_3U%VX

!:-B_Y[Z:





3BU
1&GL'H(%X/LOCJHOM&87U?U-URYW2)^H=1Z^
%ZOUO.P

TZ?/Z&)SR5CS1KG%?M/['VC:P


M'QM[=[





M'V]6F__=]F(;_PWW/BY(M_OBEV46+[E'5*_B[7W[7&BOT*HN!H(0)EB$2;[$



MP@MYM'/?E?!

O<


M 5N=)90(I83BX#5-XQDC!]9I\QJ[Y?SWFU04\\L,8@9R9T@B)0%B12VG@I
M0^#)\JD;%$
N[M?NP/YP+.8UWD?G302:XW&
]G2S;=SAHTB+4YOK\A$J89TB


MSNG%.A[9=RU[J**R$7OND. !(Q)@D6%A2+)49-4 +[$5UK[6;1X@+CK(Y




3!^=)AWTY

2\/AB$3&A0C'I 8@J*3(:8H9#BI*TB&N




I6!6B(2\)P$YJ@E*G%!+4H!?3?YITF2XK0NL4V.V

!B23/J(.
^QW$D29)
 DS9RZ85.+
163P[&]!A-A]DZP#HI9FOE




MIN@6Z74!1HZS*AFP?82

MU:=*ZN%?[UCTW4-!N


M:T9




MJC U1


84
=<R^FJ/


MLICOE0':$/]8Z/RVF/LGY?P9K2L=


)&(Y?S$!EE#!=F



MQQT6)H$512=O;O2\^#U@5
Q3\?!HZ*VMP^OY[@7;W@R..2A.-JXXT49@J9$1






;;


MXC/ 
M)WL]AU_?+99V=IT.?G@I0Y\]0!6#!*$ !HX6V*/-B]W@0T*

M(.&PU9$JK\7DK^(+



(RLUS)M19^'TU@1WT/O5#\=4?:
YVNW
MQJ$


M 



M(!F[_
H[I\K@'E/9)3SBA_*C%X?ZPOQ4CZE\ Q/_N(NJ.B;=VC:M* _!BH01


=





M
3B/ 
 $#2P37X;ZP

8


M0[V .88_X4WVAURG;71\2^_!HS:5\Y%Q:;-^202R

M0P2&%E= !Q#G+1AD(/?5T;8R!GH8X$%A8AF$M2SP'/6*ZX(MJ1#L;VN&$!



M'KRF%C/6)2'=C^4=[@? 


MI]Y3VJ4

.ZSMMYO(@HC78PS4XI^!5OH3]A+






M7WU9I00]6JXWZ@YR^9F_MOFIK86]@8EW


M/6YT[M-ER!Y_6!%#A-62(VF3SQD;85J8^5S_*16)$ZGR0=J=5RGKZ5[5X*
U\M5L[D:/LT#)UI6<(X1$OG&V6^0)2FAJ!WHPCPI$;0$
MLTU
_MZ^5Z;H'[%27++ON
[%


M

X0N
+6)#S^FF8MP8





@+;

M596DMEA@4-5%3H7

42]L=C]?-7FP-7
ML^;[N(K



MQ8&[[JH4L#;Y196V7F9?

Z77Z#T8^YWB_K
ML++)1F:Y0L8S@T#'A[U)-&C^0=DHK+#2=RA=62;R94(\=R&FD^6Z5XMUTR?3
MY?XJDT1T-'G$&78(ZVB04:#IY+ME%C3)SX(NY[DR[^BFPW
70CI=EJL_]2KG







9X(&!ES1K_!0FT:
M39;]UDP-Y]S#,Y]\VT.%VCPIK9N%Q*T:[*_'M=S6*1UDS-^Y'BSZ2[PQ3?



M;BWA9Z!.S#\^UDL/A]]W[+SR



M
+'
M1N&[@?=@?N)7SMP'9[O52.1L,<\<@RPI +1B!F0D DF6 ,T_GWO02._8!

F?+V8$YX*?/'WC4[_S9(\

]IV3:7)IO]\.MZMJKCMM]F
M?RM]+]-Y:T&-RE'0W\]\[D.O@


M
3S^U3?_+_6U=P6&P_'8_C5PG:V @PNI
MX=QTQ77D*R5CJ8HEY#'+YC05YISRM0KBJ\4DUSBE^3E^#D9XI<35Y@A^R;
M?(J]SX/KO*Y.0Z=DU$$S@[14'H5$&+*2LURQ _.HJ&!R\JGQ1FB;XZ!\==E
FH)1))
M.L-EHIV*+8X[-O.XH+D

^=1PPI&DT'EYSP*
^0HA[
^.
#1
M
6%-

MB2F?D



MKP1H6= ^41
ZU!ZH=A+[C'9=VC I\_&7U)+[7]P.JE%[\-5244390!M,X0
M$




6/@N*H+QA'




MJV
^HU['J8A
V+*DD!+8(Y:P1
.*^FLL4&#
MNH1MS+'246=$@I*)):2$TQW<)46*FM0D/6&P_4B_-E2M%O;['W9.Q!DMTL
M[N!Y4Z=\Z[UN\G7 -HO'8?NSK]ZKE\_U<\+QU:M7CKY[*7&^

M\

MDFKAG7 =K@7*!-X4Y


]G






&
MA99IW

8@Q;@W4^=/JY=?I^N7A2

:^K)L31PT(_


%BZ7!'D(LY^%R&DZ7#;6^8J;D+LVC?84V+2

,,J4JPY!AY;!UB3F&4

VXH)R9--M/[$


6)1%BDA#<T/F%F/E@E:V

=

_'BY;M?U:I









P6S=4)Z13[2Y'KM/&


M030G#FD6




RBOR?





MM1?



PALU\^%1
RB::3W+-;0F ^07ZI^\
MG)HR^45VZ=W=;!-38V=7=GGS:K;XH]A=PO&QVP1'%R'DY#+LQ'G^(U=Y^;=_
M^O\!4$L#!!0    ( (*)6DR?W6SL+J\  000 3    9&8M
C Q-S$R
S%?
M9&5F+GAM;.R]69



M.UN7'9XVIK]N?UDV_6[H/_&F+912_KKY;=ET-=_7
 P*?_V_O[W]L('DE_ER








MWJ;AHC;;X%MIL389L8=9^8?U0Y[^-E_.[Q[N@IJ^:?1I.4OSWX
PQ(O@(@K#
M[OA=WFR(W8SRA/BF0'1!1 _8G;4AG3].#S.HLI54[MXFO=GRPSJ;_BM\\$/8
MNE(=5TA4QX

4A
VY







MN]CB?.*KC=3J+-+E/

MOVRL7'Z^#-K*/!KX2LG?O/+


_S

]8_)H2G]R






P?IF79W
M?9U.-U$
R_1=FD^WB4


M^L:N?-(.[1_-*8^T1D-*\1ZSRW#1)FJ-/]\S7OYA.=L&9SSL'OS:A./DZ#W/
7:?YNMO<:O8N#?^

MZ^PNS2N[W)\Y2
^TGZ77-ANS[YFEX1KU)5T^I#[/[MS7L \L)XNBX:J2W:*3
M3_6



$($+


MX.QN
E\VI_?9
*V3NQG]E[OT[G.:UZ5UWQAM$WH;QLNG#Y_37TIH:I)[9*2#
M1
]BR-
FV_7;\




M

(P7/YC)N

1(G#=*2\S!M;X7G*N!HL.


M
5!2$P*E*^ZBR'AUD7M02]?MSF#L2YR^+_AP]+;\LG$2)H08E$IH*@14F$D$
M2N0([M



M_S4;.5&48T(L$J'#BS#VE)=X4 E;7ED%RR'/:+ZJ

M..@EJTW/3;;S^6JZ*5S^$$@Z4*)M  *.NI3V^.2K'U;ALK!:/2'Z;87GW6/=



M7E2?@_%R[GHIBSD B-^S&W


M
9_/@[*^^+9Z

*X1FC)$)!0R3%+DS=$.PU

EU$8:2B7UIEQDE
F1
$'K)23
M-@1
BAUS!J+&00C5'8[XUG6*E1]
;_(=?$^W7HHK6[G]Z?EX$BO1  :)D@H




X
-Y+A E0J$ B7!E'N*5T8J;O$+

M\TFYUG9WT]GSPNZ[=


M!)W([VA O^P%4.6YJN4O)A(1AY34@C)
B K[#/;E\00;^
YUYKIT04)]+KS]


-N^=I9'/\[H6WS 7#GX7ED]SEGF$0;









M#!#B *L@/Y9KX9T!T C024%[+6\@GB,G;&26]
T*Y]V!W!#@M.L*@?0#'(

:;6
MC?

/1_5J
.L5$E@ %!026].
M.*K/R]8M?1WRL@DDPUCUVO0'T0 J113 VL7TJ:QXW

UW_YMU;5I;V]:9N
ML+O
-W\J(
$

)X-
#V




8F9

[:!
M^]IY@/U%@_@=I5AIXIW3T@H% _X\@B2I
P*[/E-#=/9H6UD0SGRT/0^[RWR8
M\P0XK!W0*!Z;U'GJ23%'!



0?Q\Z=A# LV!

^:

M-T!!@+CBJL20P?I9N#J[JK7*O:PKI/J2B#T*WS_R;'6FDK_IDHP:@@P&N'




MYODW/\GOTGR57:OP?_/IY)C3RY$.240*JL@D8[#;'R&.WH59C:$98K:)$'

MY%4=J@4MX#

X:=X'XCA%Z;


-XZZTAUF@^;B/Y!K\V



M^O







0KF:[[@BY
M

O8E UAZ.O=TD
M:V/S.+OE+ 8;_SZY.^T\U






*\)W5!


QAU+38UPBEI/D%=!GBW7T):'D&3UZROW
M$DM=FY\-
-2N-G'M[8'J.:DGK\U[VR?0.0-(V.;!<8B;GA8*\7<.$9N
MW.I92WQ[^4K4(E*O2QI&J=-20B&8?Z3][^3*L)W;1-*A.%

MX9;K

6Q!X_F*$P:5$8^/XK]0E2 YBAVP_\M.0?W

MIW]


M3QH







6. &(
(0!PJ%@Y3T?EZ\S$




UM]JAC/B=Y@0K1-0!Q*JF7W(Y\N;

UXX*:4+%U8.



.RL4*C!EVC4H










FD



M
BQ42PPO[M](6-G@V7]TKP&51::SUX#SP'Z%KP%* \@@H]HJ1\
=F3NIPX
MZ+66SDO 95%X.AKP'DXCN9J= $F50-H4'N)YLX%C08XB[0HD42D$MZ#:@L

-P@\

\=AK$I+B/D
0X$GCJ3:Q6:)U7


(?I:!HZ.N7EQA?&I'7
MLI*:
O'R%U/)J)
^):
Q
YQ#:1)T=L(I\Q!B0,#O0*LM H%:7Q%*N)%V$Z

M 
YP8<]E!H ^_9Z#H^H+#*=

H

M\#'WR$


JC)I+=+'ME,TO,V2W
M NM .;;.S:U5I'U$ '@ (1Q@@)14I2*#W
SH+X+SW!O'GV*3!N@CN9$?*6!

M4TT1*E4T2GI-R3D:8WLM(1TL

AI?8([!6'@)L!8QGQ-RE+@B_1AC
MJL&+U27[CHQ[$37BX.6OH?$%YFB.*5 QL3+%3*H8U%&*3BK^FW





Y)$T&HL
K@G(_S=43DS7(6=JO9PV1Q(DAG;_M$$2(P=4'1HIXX&##1
MQ=EC&1-_@<KFE44B:Q_/OG39[VC]8[Z^?9\N-EM;N?W'S.W7






M\^7-EMK-E%?[L3FV'


EHUT
MX207'#//K9.4*JIW.%(K=)\6S:[MYY5%IC/[^7E@OT+[.?
:$62

)Y8;\.Q


5:^5^YKFTWF8[C%9/GNPQ&LG(&-$<Q33F#%ILE00<37%]7Q

$N-HEX)


U(@WZ$[@SHP]Z

'7TL0!=P)JS0B'E.%;2%C!A[



MNO%7%_ISA7U/IS-YZZ6Z;$$.,_;)%(: ,*=EG C)9 6@P+JL*/+Z: 3T^\


FP9UGM^QJ(P[61K

M?:/$ 0$P=]88@XV!+OQ5%'0I8R\F;= P'*X-9 

M\ISP6&:J


MYY51
FI8MXN:L_]^UIVYZ_5.81*V
\0=CZD%F=:$&?!$OI2K[]9Q&1?SEA;:

_NYNN^U,<7GTTTELY#[3U6AB$8^;E FD?;F:O
MW#XU

/.$*@^!
0(![2'Q!=+(57
!O& SWLC6
M03/NC


Q7

M:JPM5(APP
-? 2*,P]]#R I)**U/'


!I:8QFFCL%
MB@6&
?$C][UMAV\O
_NVB-3KDH9Q^J*.2 B&8?Z3^\G)?.#?M4VX9I R%39+


MK
 OJ+;5:B-$SSZ.-?*Q](


MCS ZKJ_S=F30]ZHHOD_O'_+I;9S8]R5@3BF!1SLG E/M.26&*8:-]S!H(
6L

O*PO
)V%
L/;+QK%T-('<4D-<U(AH</=NM0-%*CO$R
N70Z:



ZT1
B6CW2C+A8U0
MNGOEP1@D_-W6U3#

#(
MI'UTGPI2.M@G


 0@3WQ0):60W&*NBEEYCOBX8Y3J


R4Y!PB

!:FB3BVRADF

MHN(XB5$8:6:5 



? _A;4@ ]_!ATD[F9OL\G1



\UJ]TF'AO
M(9#2(N@]IMO-1RCC0/W$
9W=LUMF=@NH]

M ()P28R6 JEA9=1M+[V=#[?![YM031D$)P4H4^WFQ0'H,.*

M8I92.#'NZU1SYE60AD9(O5:Y&.7U:DSB
(P8;(





(N!SV0
M 9$2#JOJW]C/?S(96

MMAK\V




JJ TMYZ*='&$E




M+A%[3DQA(* 
00@ BK^UY6S,E[7/PK.S[\]] -[4W&8?GIQ]
]S1/&D:8V
MG%]$
BT #S?L
AF2X






T*EH


*:KYYBE<L'+4-DIU5BBT=5VT5P1K


:*

,T+II!N($*
M4 YL-#,*H\,/R@-5]YOML7$5A<I,JE TXSQ@^F)XTZ(93%&ML0'&T^TDA#Y
M4LF1W-=?YT





FB7V$(-$%6$8%X:A*2A
M]1

V''#8E-HL

2+$02Z=1QQ+9Z4O=T7L

M%C;?A?;9'D+#&.N[3_BE

MHG^;K#=1)^GJZOKIMG@T.'I'8 MT/#'
OI9H['!C
90B'S-KR*: E/F3,)&
MB$K!3'W,L4XTMA2 
N\@PQ0C\.\6%$1 F'7:QW.6M'8E7E3(1K[/S&'8W=
M8AP70,:1  /1+*I,4#A60(R0\/5KM@\0F5V9Q57CN,X#YU+C=:BU*F8KME@



M\!^JK8UEGIRG N&@U8PPB4]3IIT5X'








M;P=?IQFA* @(
^1DT()S3%!4;.-*EJ

X] :W6+J -.7XO]CWR^3J^NKZ/D



MQCM$9Z@-8Q[RDVEZ\GYRJ$L2KFS0R8DY@@[ H&5I-2$/*Y_.^D]*T=+^':

JSR4'CSR3Z)8#0JO- H:X2G&!K#X_L6
1PHUL RT7M467WV


UM]\3X7A'.R3$!]3




$+C##B$ '
MGK



M




\Z
M;X@5ATX8(#X6&;!(*18+1V@I2D9X7O]JTEG03!_J1^= CDSTFDM88@!D+&S#
M!!&'.2!!LR\L^!R&4[JV('4693.H()V)5V_FK1H5?@5ET(8I6*
()L!PKPND




9X& :^TLON88YV*
4);[07A3AC(PO)TBI#=W B4

#3;&6&57N;JX?0:Y.#
MRWF:[9G]E_@TR1#& M)#*!$8^\-



04

M#/^QEOAR'^7]


VE@4OJX15+ J?!:(\XI*Y%VAB44LM,+7U:) IMT_,\A0,[8
MBXXU<YYQ9EA&@+)HR+-&!<E+%*[
0

M




#.-P\0
M0 N<$<X9*J# 1M!*DV-:)!E9,X07= P$J')^_GLVZX237NJ5%T$*0E%GE

YI+M+W1\!


M7)A.
62CE216_6$PFCQG?]:3Y_/G@K P'@:B8@Z@

-?






Y0;(C;XX@HQ#X5


ER]IZ8]L;AL1Q2

HN-

Z:II$N*+(9&68T7S4[*TA@G1JR[%!D$XSS
;BQKOECVR]



M!I!?#\B


JS?K];K

M?1]/LKMGUQ]O]&IS5U#YJGAVOMANLNOR'67_$X=)J2C/ZV)DD71?BJ]O]X&Z

DMBQN)()8SH02 KM:
MOH-A4/QR=9==;Q?9QYN.DST7(=7OBP+#+

+M'E%N\:C)8R?#
MI

A)(3)QU\9 N
'*JG).G
M'5Q;@QDI^A/3H:2_#NTLC+N7O=[1.^DD?'E4R'NYL9J@:R3W$GB=?5R#1+


MS2:??XLPQ@/!U]6'U;(X:48YQ:'=OHMGSCQ;GV+=




! FH$K*^4/TC;N^^:!WTEOF!UP6TJ'6SOV&FA


M-=JNUI4D@X




(2.P.U2F\KG%QQGP+XX2
X#T40

5NF
 2WWLSO9W'-^?3H
MW2U^.?F=1''*V;7.EO&'S6Y 583P^UIW$]5H'[R%&B

OO5%2.J

M\L[S/D ;2]-[/=BS 4W'F@1GJ)#
F'A @M!QCK )


%IP
M2YP A9_J$2$HZ9CUBBZ6:V 3)AJ?K4]I7RU[#'0J,T*0*11
:Q6BE=M=Y3






!U(MPWRVOLS]W5U#\_F7WM]U%!O6E?+Q]4(QQ
M+6$0)HB--051 1X!




%H4Y^]0*?OSY8+VP#DIB/
.6$AW5B=+833ED[9=NF;X@^T2FE1P_

S+[O#
1'BYNV

M]




M



;=.SVC1G?A-:UNUPRCJ8))
M]

M#AJ1]@)O;BE/4 ]IB].HLCZ[YC][*D@+7.'\

]7^MLW!

MJ+CGW+NB
+-VE4//(-D^?6JZ.O:DJJ7V-H,FK$$_RS7KX'T3[0*WD3UC'&



:J BE*\K6XM+50S#%[4OL37S?W(0D;8GM=!PM
M[Y=2]ZM\
4#<&TGB6=1H A%


.N:\_4@YX6LP


MKJ/ '




/-E?S$PXE:Y6NLTP

M4'F@.:7:$^2-
R4DSI$Q
PD&3):N+?AZE7B;@39:49

M@1HX;:2@QE90
R''K/K?ZUFUK?(Z



FPP0F6





M34*M05#L20O:54VHJ_7L'@[.4RHI

\-Z/^8;^Y.





M/=H.UQ$!2C45HL((;7&0LK' $6
FT%:!!IUKZ7J!UV;Y
G26HR:=.C!Y?*
MLTMS;%PV\_7\9IY=%UF*QV^CJ=
L.KC?RR1CD (E9(8E%LK-Z[#C4037$I5
M6PZKP0!J)=R7=^)\FN6;91S+W?S[^F^K-/?XV^++?*4J!MV$DS4TZ#BV%E#
MI384.@$JLYA [6.K)[B*JH7@AX5K.A7TE2_AN0?D\VJQ\*O\CUE^W4@CK=MI
M -P9((!7#/FHK5&.D2U1H@0FN)I



/.!A)\O7)6S4 ;2[?I

M%=50(HPU)I(AZZGCU%?K*4/M4_#'+V=56WA-RUDUPVAZC]FK\T97;]FI#H.F
M6 C$()+60TD

M0BH]*N?MO.QPG]'X5I1^!'P^_*\CB-.1IX_J:

M_ G_=0T&*B)<01SR[7ET$E 1*7L<5;+.IF*!VDDQG1

];!R(HYXQ+#91'VA-!H*L41B+;Y\-
X \:B3E=04Q(
[';E.=12XA

A%RGI

MJ$1RQ0%%W


+80VK$F@6DN)/<*
M&,(Y4$((#8!#,H%U#GT1FZ<KBW\U2PC:50'1KNV;#LXXT]!Q1A#R##'#I



5?O Y


6C
-DZW81&#+82<.<1%$50MS+

00BB?U

Z


M5;K-F-

MX_& ;2AR

DD
MI9!@Y#RR@%-8&5H(!BKMXT$/\FL0(M\.J[?+C235_K0HT8.*

M?F%9$RV(


M0@8X+@%'187:B/GW+1/ZYLD:Z(%=T;#[E(BZSVBEB!@B@(:%FOF%2Y=@\@2
M-6I^;Y]!D$T#GOI&ZO(BZQ$7BEA@H




O0&M2BER0HU1#;+RRW@


8$&2=UDR43G:$L6E_=!OQOK6$R-@TU8;YN,QXN/-
MP<%5;O?#VV2]ML$:S.-A%0OL#/3&"TKA3,VWYS%)?%C*$02W8-^I3E5_%_
D


M;F$DTHR*2!Q
 (7$T_T%






M2TBH



M0]2D'0+:56QG6= )I;?(AR3#/E.AP33B_[G.S_






*GZ@7-

-29^6EI6L'.1X/U^J=&I YPI.C(.&WK=G]_C9I]=
QD



1.




+;5$^J?)7?%MO
M\MG5J0*/;;L,/!XI7)&JQX#7%EAGE9;2D28:#6K%'PC%5IO7(L* HDU*8


B

MR]*#6XFR/E/:(#;:[G7_?3;/U_NZXB+QRDMBBF=VK3J]1

'R#Z9C











+Y)8 ^.7P










M






SJ2A4!M/H;[*L]FZ61S&




 [^'5



13&FV
E$ 3I!X1
$ ):-*CR@BJ]4#H
M3;?#[$I*_['

MA
?8H_7'FX_+; ]H%=NV7F_OL^N_9K/%YL[



6$
0 9 *I)40E@A5
MXF51A[NA!J/9L#KQN'@FRK\BB/+K'ZO^:+?O
%C/N
+$JR@0%U$VM GJ71(
M/!W,N)44V]K!F#+)XOO/)#.WZC(0*DLKA^V0A.!J66P%(CG0B=44R-=HK4
M
F&J^=7VE(K6LL? (B@




JR
0U2
M _K4:@N^GD^M&6@7Z4
QS$$IXR'4 VX\PYZP:H8$XHOTJ=466VUG2BN4WB(?




5QK
1%2C$J:3JZEFN+N(]TS4:P36EQK:XP

MQX!UCA87H#JD;(4O92G6(QM6ATX#Y\ODL2JBU

7;MBS=
[/T?F[ ]@'M!-!UP@3WPEL \

M

2(
M&ZI+/[L2'G8H&3%Q;$)_+!T-W/


BO41 2^P5-I94



M A*-)]I ZH7UA@K 9&%ZW4F


4D1;K80D=A]6P:F&

E)-Z.6GQYP(#$VH*O%Y#8
M#+1+#$##3DJOD# 4NH1ELR5,V0XGD$O,BQMMCJ1J*U0^DM\N&2 A)'I\&O

02@(9

VLT8$.MQ%  HKS['BRA?Q*UCI

O30B
NH#?/XPR$.3&&#I2C*'0GL
M$+:F'*?2*$397^0KWI&I97T#I\

[^


MH




MI)EMI:XP'X=SW%_\XI% H\YA% 
@GGZ(*@;.6?D1$$-@HA$ 7=!?]0K%98@Q

E 2#PF0JT!1H8C*QD$M!PAM;!]


M!&=::X%--1\D38(W&726S



SU;SZ_4\MK.%]NB#NMY=;)F#Y'2VB.'


&K!@WR)(K3D1@E-GXEJ(I8N?4W4HIRK!*@-C
M\Z =4JUL0Y^CRI%OKS;;/ [ Q)??GJMB?:I%B-N;A'&;4UQ:#$T1!E497!BU
M[0.\A\@4&
#1TB





M8^_GA
'-T(
@-GSD5:WHE^&C@

A)3TFK%%(<.JI%U*JQ@I)*'?_5)L!H7%S.
M%3YIU$_ !HIB;]<.L6


M]A$VWG42=A5%#AC88E
D;3]ID_@\6/)LBV+IF03:;76^O=NZA]F:JHO
+O3+;
M]69UG^7OXL/Y_6Y:@WKSZ@WAPRPOO)T_LHG]=OOA?LZ^%Y'G171Y-<0ZKKHZ
MS8,GS&KFC;02 ..P<P9QC:RG@@A7K]#30+.OZJF?F(A^V/^Q_N4$M7L+6)'
ME?168(H


8_?!YOOZ7


J47W'X%QB3I
M?$N7*-


M9]C&(L.'V7T$Y*?AGEVPC[8) #'@O=(@DALB)K'ENOIVJ$-I;]E=A+8:%J*W







M\I9VK$G(\;KF:%=HQ]*9#LS]K''C:)N N$3


Q.
G'



'![A;O



^]]=+[68

MXD^*0*0



MVA/
K7 0$XI+Y(QV2=X*/C1)5I/C/!9#U?4_X[%V%V/K5_F'[(]GZDV^6L8?





O% 2FK1BTD


MRSQ551YL9SL^OO8?R:00+D2D5%(EN$+$TYW5%=**!%])&4*DWW5QC817K]=P
M=#593
\\?K
9DQFDO*A?R\4:
 
]EV3K$ L



M6T[.:L

;!K9/\/TV^F:?U*ABP7\K[



M1CP9!\


MW&MWDC(@G;#00@-]^%' \$
@S9Z$1SW(P:[72=I:3-TZ22]#+.E.TLNJ\C#U
MD$(!M6

41O06JY'J_(N RC=RBW

M[@

C\
=YE7@]-!
2LN#/
M
T(=4R:@I/06)2F%3] #CJ4'/:&Z_IFS3P5T.FCVTS.*J29(04F U
Y#RO=J

E_[?--=58909/U\5]0#%U/WY]-\D]H;
.$T& _.CY=Z
M*BW5?G(&@N$P$C*(2:.80D:$1I*;6=TE%#$^D=W49[;KS3G\B4A408)IB@

:ZHH







MEW^I5_?%P_)]M5HV;=OW3?/XEY]__N.//_[\]6:W^7.UN_O9=]W@Y_&O7OT-
M]J^WPZ^]9=]ZZ_EO ^_/7^OUGQQJX;9NV^9H9/CUKR]^_X^@_6TO3=.?VY^.


M8ENWP01NUQ^+IMP5+$YE9;W:5/5^5\;NMDM5\TB\](@PSXA;@A%V;(SZ
D
MS$ 
4A^&
%BT32R*[=M?/PV VF^9:_)/(CR]]




78#S.



)JNBXN

7PI1.9.

ACD
T-!V[N-41%'UM&A80T^M
M QTM SF_

KJERGN=C708^1^9$FG7$DY!:R?!K


M3@
6+?(DQJ&L/AFC3X= C7S:H%#'3 E)E!3%MFJ4G#$714J!(XU31UQMFUUY

I\#ZH)F6XTAK6.

U@F+H@Q#F--A!/QE.
M_24D $A-T,7;,RS9(R#GS1V%]).SH:!4%5N55E--DNH*=4]L
Y@.V\8\)_F



0JC
(J3R(\2G_0MIWD:^/T.



M3?L0!(MFK!PB
TK%&Q1:VGJEJLDY.6P1.74+25GS)/B4%CRS5&I1NX[;-[]N














TS@-84J(!U
P;-.$
M@

:YZQ^6Z) ;AQKWB05:_9XWB$7(U; SK)M5







S\*


6_ML6_W#RI'9^&TR8^LJK$M_G!&X:
M1UJB5A
9^UQZIN285T
3BXV[$KNETIA6^'W^GA078[
M]_/R9E




M\L14

G6W?5V0ZX1R#

M+V\)ER.^L+C5US[E7=:R

]\]AM?Y!#SQ RZ]8^BO+NGZ1C\

 32%79M]



M<LZ%W%'YK<M5^VC5(LXB#*


M5#/27ZKMEZ*FX;B[!=
_=E

MO'_?XW/JMO9UU:_F*934F
.CT\PBIW#F?&%MM&XH^#2^;S;QZ[^&W&1PPJ?:
M

4.L/Q:YM9WR\D[84@XR@C(0@)0GT
HS:1X!Q




)0$






M';.:TS;.(RYBA%FF(H+@7Y
+&0Z$=:%3(;9J76W930OXM:P7'G ]*D
HR1#)
MXS &.

F9DE]5.TG%M.5Z+1#KU1M.'Y
KH&
M1GCUA;;R4&W;R=CPQCJ*O2B&-+O*72\ 411@.+3CIA'70KG\IQO6E0Y0MPPA

FUYR.(\DG2;FC!8I


 Z;P; /['JJ:?/WC'<3@]<4)^T


M3@/





MS

[QFPXV ]U0/(I2#*

M0^O/(B=9E5OETKTT[ 7 ,4E+
;D4J_/J&!9H%MO0FH59@A'J%[.KNXFN=-
MAXN
7=IFTT.W'0*KTZ!3VV

M?(W.)''ZE(V36W5AT\BG&5V;XP&V2WQ)JIH8U_:+FJ ] IHFPQ2OI/U2--V%

X2E

420F/(R;=STWW2
=IZ]#3BL]3]@Y(S-R+-HA*9+8









M\]&L*Y_%U*XY('66(U1]$QR3OE2?]%CB1.U!J[?+&0QSCBQK7TP]LLTY&&=?




#
M1)7HC0+4T2%S8N\Q OCB*0()]SOWZ@T86X
:!J9XP#KMF.9SAZ,QHUL&L
M'4-4BR65_GXG&*57]\5ZORFN;VF#U7[;U#V& 4*Q?M\O/Y1%W;[[_KGXVB#*
MQ.\+%T4 0=\%,$W





[ *6L++Y&RXFR 0XWR/#&)JA)M@$PY
MD1Z(<VZKW<D-6=.*W;4OI-FY-FJVJ)F7-1M*5XXE+MOY_IF4]ZUO:M_K)-^
M

/?9;%]Q=[3




M2(3@7*P*S72X1)1(JO#
/XKR[KZABK2D?[Z\*YQU#\]$/F_


N5
UAC10B1]()0&#'M:5M#B7&[+X:3:9B7.I\H &VX








MK_]9T=#R=_J//84PUO
B*4A#Z.59&'@($Y3F29BX.(M)X
(
\KX-H;M9
M(74ZJ

XS6VJF'&/'QIDQZZIINK=LE;Q7\+3UFQ:$
]+&#7I(R,^@T/ECHT ,:^<!Y97#, E55)O&$WJT<S(GBFJ


2I5U?$2BQ/-QX_Y$9I^2Q%KA\;I
N;B

M@S21C3@K_6AIR[!2]1B=#J33HGRZ$
:]8Z&'VHN[29.S*B9:EPD5KPFDAUGN







M2K4OUKUHL8(KK#.Q5G-JU



M#3GFG&QQD#%H-$]8




MJ]M;)DFWY9;B8NOJ[!T0007202V?&DW

M
F5G5$LCWW8HF$Z#*F-]4WSR6K/LCB9V6_*5;2SLR_J^NP7&
P[)(@2B(?

MU3'[?(JN4[PSO!J;:)ZEZ\+
4@_5=@B;1GM.S!UU








@

JK53;;JJUXC+PJO 4[E%1FN5M5^V]0?EM]8ILJ.!:]6NSU5
MJ\-V(4X!BB */ 3.,J(.X#Q\HH+15J@6!XV7# Z#QV(+MKI!W
4:)5


6P4K\[.B7#


^ *.U30




M(C+]U]FNX7G_ +6;]0]/1=Z67R6KV6JEG%



@!
2*B/_6WMDZMD
Z3





M+*:-A+T_
Z*XOOU4;

71SD8X
!3
2T4*$AX]I'

@?FJ4PL(K@230W
MW=EQU5=?U9F5$3A3E*IM+@^3SR?H6BV;:2?Y-;*XM4R!9QNE3






TCG? G* 0E %+
GOH:&



M[N^KS9J=XFD?D9.?-
K0+SYA-




















QJD
MAV

=RM^YNC+W;LI+:

M



M1(*6/=$!
(N!11Y161?IFNCW?[1RJ)+ _J)YKU44B4C(4FW
(9UN;RAUR$
M:JGNX#H=WCZ7/5KJ5=GZI#]TE74S*O=;5$V^]W4M7 DN#X70@QZSI)H8-+
MY\)NG

M98?0N6
0G36KE'E+03I?&$KGS:^?

K9.EHT
;


 9@30- A'

HIGQB!W2


M\


M)(\!_;IOP(OHI%$@0Q#X6
-) ;N:5W8C[PW5R*F/Z1Z(.#.@)-BR8ZS( *^4


:7
TV

&419YG

M

M!+B!'R9I#C
_&2

KX*ZL
SVLC,C1'4TJ
M9:<#G!V2)L^VA))-X%J[!6P* CAU:S)?J?GM^6V6*-B2[]H/M 15[^<
%P0
MV#Q$%%A%^T]BMM/( 0#8I#'0I=9YL1I_-A :X)ST]G@LN+[0H#J_+1YG:/
M%45:-.6NOU
\_*SUDC&/H'O53-VN]RNGK&_Z0S[R6&BP#+VKE/T%CK,QMG



H' _F
M8#?2$ROML


M#@


M#;
LC]
@C7(

W+U!(@QSIZ%E/5M&R8\OP\2
MI^T\H?&*A

D /TOIS%CHV)@UL(V?$
/LF;


M_J/+I (SDRFEJO?F%TO^=X*/7P:$'LR2$$0Q\=* FI5#-QZ7H7RQ%Q*^-]L


^M2_TTPP##PSVA6X*[9BNZK;*\$1U/)/


'=SSX4N03@=[/
2%-B1ANBVRG :\OP$D)W9B/:N
M



0O?UC[OQCMJYA
M:_)Q1


M;-QA%_


5D!?WXAW);.$/=Z^N;37G7QE%I&=7E
-8\%RFIC8G5%V6-GT8'J(8I!4+/T2A
MC6V)U'0BHM52TV-J;9+-L_SQIJ8:/&;2&JRZEQJJHTU<4DDM[?%JKF^O=X6


Y

M&/:VM4S0]Q:%$

MYB$
8PHCI1$XSQ
_&%# &.22 4Y+VU.&K;HI'U@!)Z=_XJA=QAZ3V\$ MF#S

MX9

MU#E G:W$C119T:T&8?8,9X-V?;R(11C#&H=RP=!P6X&($C$*
$YFX
24H&

W:84=+:\2(Q+51$5=\IWI*(2QLG(

$4SK-#%2:Q


MY[3F.8-]5^SU9%6#38ZS,A^G8;S83@+N.6,*-^)]\4SJ2.-Q*!S+GE3(R
MH_8$;]L(**R;IR*1;]3V.#7LEX0DD


Q

(I#[]1!S$F8N]



M;E1



)

\
MS$/LN1B-AQ;21.@$G%)#DZG1DV$C

MJQU:I

U]+0=.HT
M'IJ4FY^IT2FJ3H:9E%8G?A(-J]-+@KC428%7V]1)Q917U4F9'Y$[G]6Z;+X-

MH2F($Y.@$=&1 LTR
WN%FC/BHTJF';JC;


2A1#D88JZ]]C\$.?8E2JLH=:D82$\'ILC.JD-1ET4\XGA#.R*2:$4L6:+

?@OX*4!!G.W0CD


&7R25T'[
KI&9QIQ_0


!]&$7)#'F3NV&/A^II$O.U

M[4PB1(&Z$''S)B]$)BC3)42!14(42 F1*+OVI&P)1Q)





:-J8)8DW-)EAR'700DM#AO6H


M+P%Q2#\_2/NFHC &@M4F)1J84
Q%S_3*T
4W;3?.E)A4
SCS3]E/D7)FPJ[$

M




P3D+/


0H30D 2!2./=H4$Z\
MT..M=R_[\2;5M3T2/D)R?AM 3;P2^@HU9Y9E5



R1(R8' R\]

#
MQ(\.FV/PK$]$!.A-Z[D6S%]#FL YJRHQ-;.<KMVBA[C7P3/9

M)A\'_@90LRU)O$K/N?-9RI3:H34:['A^2DL3

M(I)%)/+ T$@.
J&7/@4_VK#B]&A:I5F7E-/R9L^62@77*03IXERF




M[8+ES:;H3].Z.


M%%R256653[LFI%-


9:03BJG6






QFX64O;/00KO7JJRRKGD
0&3
MA5(S\X_9BA%^BI3YQ9%]%!LAWKI,N94B5)='FOFBP@#&

/13X&!


MVX3;\+;5

TG+9;REE($;[1XVA9/Y2!#.JR?PB5PPR\JZ
M5]1B?8!+!^+U+1V&Y)C5KXBAQE
 T2BQ$T.63Q!0D\/:FUXFF3[./LCP ?
MA9YV\YI%DW




GI$Z8TZR0Q#-
MF5=-U-G-BM:UN5JX7O_E[QWZW(;1[)&_PK?QK565@_!.\X;KKV\/E?9QW;U
MK#GUH5+S#2GE6)^HM)E]Z\_ ^2,E,IX4K2/3/34^[,,F/'#F(C$ @
8T!
M3K




PO-/.34
MFW?:/7 V+/IH;GN*)\O3*$G*!?K_B2A6#@T-^1PECKTB1_*&;3]N92A)V&


MUUWI*]
X#[VR]$%E9:_)B*G.]'700QTAISA*8ECD0(9((AE/=6$8D!LRE%




MCO^=)4N]4'DI6GJ+TOS*EK

Z$1P6-M8X(

M

L9! E


M_VP/21/K7HE!6OQ8KNJ[;?4OD7?FL
 A!I AE.507HQ
R6;B?S30 \M+8XD
MAJL3E!:*:$NOEAR.R*R9%IX[ 518IQ$\BZ3=5WO')$]*[%SY=-YI7/*F*K

U1'E0M8/27
M*S2++
LSBO*
T2CF



ITG)D2W%


MV7DD64X\>>V6*&MV-IJY6Y7KH5-U#3E7K:1'$R&)(\P!Y'(W2(81E'.4SJ8
MA)AI'51C9
MHF.HCW
(C 


$I#P'C.
M

%T%OT\RI2VV




\KFP.P5F6J

M\W*^#\







$
M;$/_3*70UBN%0JT]:\82* ^6Z2KFTW]EU@NEHN%%D:LC 29[GD)(AJIO
MDD1YL=B6=\M]N3840 .+2@

M

)QIG;=B;\W[

MJGW8R3+\_H?\7E]^Q










Z:V?_I%KH


-^V-:
M39?')EE/?.WY]:*MJ1=$%7E
]#)9UZ5/M[0?7T[M6V5?SCLW@0^EXUBR@!
MD$1

MUA






M$E_0 M1


^B


!W09+:#&9WUC0U
:

MG %.$DA3BK)P 
$!1#KGX3HVK97BFG6Q?ZGK?P;?EIO'MA.C;U1\W(H7.%CU


($).J7BD\S[-H#WA;:=;YXG:6%W6[I\D3/;J


8&-X !-Q .PV3)Q \#Q]



MB0XOG/P_H*$Z#,T#XTPP%W;OAL&H[P_D$M,[8RF$8LI0AF29RE9+ 0AHG6


MH=_CF.R4S1
6+@Q_

3

11I)LIP6(4DC!H59&@_V
M&*2QXC=4EE8\*]T173# ZIM( $J;]?:\GAUEWM$O4D[!Q[;SOVKB\F7=.H




ZC
MANO C^?[\8Z8L5*BOCK



%AQG
& T+'/







MR6?4




KT:DK_(SG7MXM/EZQ4HWWR/-'6\6PID44@P%NK/$Z2B#*
LV(XQBR*

M.V


JS-*[

MV#A?H'+

H%QG'7;E@_AKLF54#-_V OB@
M=[P


M]=Q(;E[J.?#'J^KJ[\.N%A*__R'AR'.HV/]]K![D
$!?FOUNN=HO(DJ3+ E#
ML=K
81YQ


MMW+WI58MI#@PJ#
=^5!


&79CP-_ .J((CK
G2B@L471A@+HB=

O-I6
MC5AS_+VNU\\LIS2
DC!/2,LI#3&87&PC'F4&&FFA3W/2CD@^XD-$-UM*%3



M'B1
:D605)+]-HH0<GV(



M&/9OY=OMJKXOW]5-T_:3+/(HHQG@%(4


/]IQFONG[I#U8CY@Q&*BUO
MJVVYQN56_*$]QKA!Z_]Y;-H[/ _7<A9R?8.+@@+(
B+A QR 3.*#7
?%Z8]


M[L^V/8)]15.UKU!T+JX*%*LIK


V-4/2QVU(E=;/\?B

M'H

3#:TE.)113UN4.E-K7
MYO2C


U%:'YX]%UEO
M[&EU='RM-X+




BU_P$


:BE=GK'[X@A6/5





M+XKRG(P+0F+







Q7;;4U
HC37JR=&!E(NEY2L0%C3%D
M;!YB8@J^=O+6Z
D#+;_LWVZ;_:X];;1=JL$DA%%($QPE+$[ER7+Y8 @G40%T
MDAV#QWO.;2BX C)J.IB0IJ:4GCF2T\M-*GRHA@O;F@&A;LS4
Y;!RHG;U)

BX:G(32&B&=1ES(DVT

M6&+\I@B1K(B82G%+ )9J+1Q;?%XSZHC8#W?:U4^<-^8L<LB


2H 81YC$I*ACD!YIG3<I3?CGJ7W %I^X='!#GK<P0&X<7G
M4SRNZO?TH=#3=Z



D4_K S_#1GO6EA11(3($$
MI;Q*

M':B=O2F:AU:^L!
588X)R!%(6
@Y3FD



MA)!&@/
X[7+  A$6%EJE
A
#O@ME+:;C
9.:M3$CRA0K8[[9TJR+/2-JJF-F
MSK!RJ2)F0^(\A

R P9B<B]$91J5=^-C7B6E5-<P0#
:(//G$8UF1F%03VI
2+/B]J\1LX%

 _3+

3%BYH@AE;\Y #
M0^RUB_?%_H:VMB2#

MY

+8_(4MW_&X$UWTB9LM'N8+OV[84MB_/0%'LW%Y@
^#%1FFZMZDON1#

.:8G-=\L:NIC[9

W%%0
SWWQ_:P
M'P_$SJM!VY%/K_1LNV1,85)1/8<ACB(67

/]Q22




MR



MQHKI@^NKV[A3TNQ(+4^HUQ!
[]0K[^-.&0*S?5S'H;B^D:M)T?F-7%\\3[Z1
MZ\VQVOL[JI?1T_*VW D
O-HN!2FD;O;-[^5^48\@@0EN

M

:C3FS/:
X7?#HRU




M*


'X+::2X3+ZC-):?]=AO



+-ZZV0OP/5:K1?*S]=WIXWNY#7AB=VO9S+*

.Z(+%




M6 YC3 A'@!(


1N.
:$XI4KGB/BQ[%EI


M_6ZYVB^2C


MD6E


M+3HCS;)E4DNY1B313+]:@(%81@4MQ!GIV&7JKJN9(^IGI6FN?#JO;$X9T\W$
MND/A7EK- 

S)@_O4QL#.H
M
['^^
GY*-AK9ED8K8TSTJU[+UY)1-SPY*;(M\B3Y'0019RF0#)(P!)P=Y
M3%.RV

OW%#IGUWM*W.[
MJN-K\T:21D42QSG89[+NWL1+0;C
(-:'UXY
CG';0M7;.J)[8A$&NKJL(LQ

_1


V7:Z/5#\=.
M5N%.Z?6PTI[5.MI\K:Q


MA-E+R8G72



5:3^CF$5T_L3R/[
MDOR;

2_/YQ(P/A0;ZI5
M51XWB2D$!%.&0I:1(@*HR KY/1O#MA(DD'%L6]AP=_P/H(*!E23-5^\3M%




M:F\4VHNWKQ*V4-.4^P;_^&WY/_6.;)9-@[Y7S0+ %(&@S@.DS1F#!5)/!

.%[-M'-.:1CGOQK/;_+CM3T:/]WY?W):WE<9(+2&-88!:FB-$P
MIE@G XH  VA(R4ULCVIFMX\&= 2=?!GA]N=I)I%Q%I6O0?#I;2:Q&%L?3U'

%&$8
M\C3G0N03 @X*#V
&M+35QHYG'1V@=5OX S;=SX\M:%03Q+$8U!._ WE/8 5_


M0SC



MDET@ \=T=X)


MH.=9J4

@


6$=!/\7NZ[;O6FW'TK-?7/

0Q;=N_5JH[=3WE3E\1_+S6.[

9K--_%1UI#JR

MF39









9]#S<F;P%?XD


MF!88%8 7/$VS.$8#TH@C





M84IC
#Q?_%AIM:/_5
_S2?$WF

MRVQ+BO*%*1[)


M3!BC((H)3&'E*2#!4XRI=JR7-]ZUO\MSALD[CL;[#0'-





\C1'*

ZW38$1-Y/R08:)Q HFAQ&F0HJ=P?LBQ$3@E

0AR3)





MG.:&V?


I
M/\

I9GN
$9!@G&0E/\@7$N/:
^Q/XY'E&
M'G#^&O1(@P/4X 1K\*ZZ+8

CU#Y;9U10O$SL78NX?B9\
\X(7GR5PY7N_3'UX%%


M)





%S



1:@E<
MWBHU:X'NV76GR[KA^BGE6-M).Q4VX]2G^,H;6A8)@F(&&2TP$D1RR]-BAX.
F S$V
MX-6C'

MDV()??9*+$&Z%6*MB/VT.JSGI;T
&[#J4X6K;^4B0SG)(&


88*1_Y56(EP?RKLFND155A G[\*Y.55@G8C^OFMYZ4%]5GU
MI







M @!A&]


6
MM(ZFCA

!FR7I]RZMM



%A/C!%EO]3&[^)HO5RZ&


UI1N#/CU9
V'.BWZ]


4[W
R)ZOCAGZHZ!H-DPI


;E1U=UF(]#**2,1)B(L$0DC


M-T]Z9M3N^!DO.D[TUGM@7&NN24RFT.%SQ)IKL568?@H]MO-03Y



MHG&60WR8(R!/M#I0G1CT+.#7&E$DT*!%JID0NV%;+0




Q-])^W&:DA0@1%D*0):

*^G/B.Q
M;:E
 \J;)Q\*'X$&[R93KJL$*JB:NR#

M

M$




MY

HHACDFHE%+K/]CRFCG#
CK75
MIDHM(_#)DM[DKT&0I[L[GS!Q04Y
.9N'?ABC?W$AI@T+^@KQ[O1HQQRF%*





JO8DTO)+?K#_N]W'\0F':?RMVW:B6@



]I2.OFS3VA#I$:;
MS[1?C7_'Z4R?!*^SF6%
?$]F?U]6VT8.S[(YSK=9B!C ).(YQ$4:ID68'R#&
M

MDHAB1!


MG0F'WXE&.^C_-O.


W+?C@AT!O._'X#*CIS#.36+I8Y0RN/#UD0.0,%ZMNTJF@\RKX[TM!
M'FGN,0^(UN0S0MSG.ON,X?K5Z6<T_A7NP7F)CC_N'W?E4VRO5OO$+][?RHDQ
M+R#/8IIAPCD06$*Q'AN %7&NU/TU(IQ9SS7ZYXQ WEYMIEI#.WGF*!SXND$

[I \JL;U^
M
9$C;L_
_Q

69;$\I$. T/8!B

MV3IKN-ASPK'+Y=U)L?





M+4@+V+26J[VQICE)&HD
=[(E2D!6=)R  CE'$6$ZA0B75AQJ-$]/ @2_H
M  8G(





M
LR-*)E^?)O!KBU?!?T1W=W/

U''0SQGY$)&R9T].*X#N'B
M)\VTS .,XHQPS$@!8X/N0:/$F5^N-LGC^69IRNFEMD^JJA39VZ;OADS5 Y

(ZSN$A G.
TY+VM
MMO/%3$5T+(RL(_V\:J4D6@3J:HDO[NS41(DVYWIRPH62HIAP-S=-
?+A554Q

M%4.3FNLJX8\5/650)



R^;
=QQI*Y:_U5N
M-O]G6_^U_50NFWI;KM\VS6.Y6X0(9SB/6!:'$66$99#&@[V
(Z G6*96QM$J

N2&

M70L:Y15#SE3UQ2==1KJBS)0S-7E&P445
:5K+NIAC/^%:M@QH;'*ZEK-/I;M
M.5#;N^X$H 4I,1%C$@6

M

[CL!Q[-VK'

)O]EU


M)_

 '?[;P%8_8F3C(BL(Z^_CJJ;*WT/I1
M;A_L7Y+]2:

:1@SBN6'



M:
XU DVJSFM^KDO/ $YGI3]#[#@O0H.9$2@V2S?[?/5'OOGG']GC/=_7YP]F


M



5)OFDCG#C8B7$,?!O:#H)!<-CO]@(9L93\
MZ#&T4F[HRW(C)I &:5'11_4IMQ)'<NIHD*LAXJAS.GW&S@O2J$C(/)11%7RA
MI5/('1:4/2S]*=]F'W?98[4(F3B'#J8(1\#W[1#AH,]J@\@3RC?-HSLMI=O


11\(@]( ;X6MUO_4W:#+




MT)EA-
Y#8P;:4.CL6.('B
KOZ3;_5[T-=/NTRQ_;KS]NV4AC7_W(VI:C
$QB
MQV%)EHWM
(R2Q$UXRW%@(T$+WYK:\_T4:,CG%:V7F=\E3';9I7$4UMU%Z6



MWV\R6%79[N/C4YJ7/;CA[3\GE4+FB0!=%B[O!FJ!.[E+:[SIYK ZFY^

MS*J160=H5HMMY!7#BSQ=6C;40_ \Y$R7
)F&)MV


M/ZMLO=]\RM?9@KHT\K&'8!+[

L:-%ZB3:
ZQU#1)KPZ#4JUK]


40-LOXU8W%D-U8+;9Q
MA4V

*HYUTH
CQ&^R)CY
DB2






0B5%DL*_3U/4I1X\?J3
M9A<D9#J'H.<X#@J3( BI$W9-(0=)%2U3:L#PXCK)TJU%BV(EF56ID24H.J9Y
MDE2;^DV)4\T966'.4'))6H8P.!--&63J9@




[ I

M.H=R.M72=[NV#NBLOQI\%@=HU0C%RPAJ(%2X?NXQ*H5#AQ,\/6:@5=I./N
M6MF;O$J@1E

M]!P?(-Y8K5H-4U-51Z$V+N0RFJF?QXIK6ZC3JM%F.!
5 O9;/]VG52[_#'=
M9=7]W'B0I_Z-')\XJ D!GTCA,K-P24_VKV
31\U/5XY$1
EB8QL3+(D)PH


M/.%T/K(D1.$%M=+K@GF(F&:;I.=5G(3=_N#-5:4KW(RJ%G8QC P EH9/L0
M@Z!KS@\=J0);RHT8%K8.E_1!=776!+==QR!








KT2?H#77=B6$Z/!7(IITI@TRDG3
M
8.X*3\T%X6Z0MH%H=)%]SST2ILUA9E.*;O@G#\]L299XO;O;!*^:5M_U7@8


MI;LN85KKQSB('$##B-@PQ/U&'\L?!1=S![=C? ;9XK
Z@
)K=\
IO+JN.BI[
MLK/)4^(&+80.)U-XC7-44M66+R5ZY?4%R&OVGE];U
;2Y


9#^R35&?3F[GG.WF( (V7P0!*%MNXD7Q([3'9$+/9LF9Q51WO&

ME]GBX)GLJO!@F7I2$)$EB@B
6). =# $$I-




($8



[A(=RXU[4ZU\:S7&UH4EVMY3FSJ'RW-ZG7?Q
M4
6
^LY

M%E$V_6B


(%KW#4:K
MS#;\P6!K5UA5O8K73'&[IS#E0O%87A
+K3-TE^2Z86N U5I@O14[;_@%2:NU





[YOK*<RWR[SIW1C





MG95

R0T?ILE2-

M())7=;'-=-OG;E_27?;U9_I4+4@(
(IIY(OP6X,H&W[_:*U*WP@RUC[AI.M
M&JG5#L\5CW*K%FT]Z\I;O%;) %L51ZR8/^ATB62-I$W!F9NC6=N&\_4/R7'
MGNFP6QR\]74FGE%


:!

JRK+X


'!!$ 



M'^EN7^:[/*N:)X&^L1[)P=1=\ @&Q!%T$D(IMP0$ Q@W,$@.(C5A$]3XR/*
MX %Q/X:_=6-851)UN4!6(=@7UTNSQ!_$


M'O:
^(()KPA:;'EX6(0ARW0)1L3UJ!/:H6M';@V6^#%R


%P
ZT]Q\ )9RD

M:;TTL__


04<G3W3S.9_/])%%7RF_;Y
MI8D^\_[BJ&$^M







MH.0%7IDQ834?@SDUZ59C\+I



3K&R0RFJP%FZOZO'8M



MN$M2:N1PQ!6N+AR2T
7R/ Y+:+.F
-

MQHNGK



M


+N2JTR86=LWRI11Z.TC6NBBM%Z#&U9:WJ+F@+X/9

MLR;OBDV^S+.CA]P0@1YQ$

M:?G



1%4OVE[S;KGC.

MJ:R_\

M?H'2*J].GA

:;&ASI6GL8DB^
'UED

MN%[X/-Q[Z **Q34?F.^R39.KE-D3^]4ZA]D]9-8JKY:;@MO1'^O?%=;JT#?2
;=[T<G&G[\*XKW7.._LWZ]J+QRF(!E@6D







[P'Y4%37

!V\EOY[X[KMR#-'C#=D@
;HCU*- 4[3TI3-JM#
2




4UM!-^U!B
M:V1&[E/?%GGEN6]GK,:%1^X(6+:F0J;(3-RZO-D$'.U;(%
HS.:]L?(SEK

M I)$V



MXFCNS*W9[.V0 ]:9OJJ0C^5Q6:F?H;/5@T%CS&DIE&-[VG!\TW: ^F+./(.&
6X[G\T_6*/$P(?81SB
M*(ZB#D Q)[








M_O)MJ6]*#[*U.^['Q2+7QV4F\T/)XAMKE_ZR[IN==SFQ'=F[8JH\0X\JR??5


WZJP

M7&2&@P


##2U

ZU8.D?Q26


'0[H'


M4
/T23

M9EG'=M4/-
U'
MA\U*.W!ZEN2T.F=0H)C*+Z:BQ,%YG47U[[8U77NCK-ZJ684(6_(QP<3KIYU





+6
M!8_Z;VV_?]QEC]6-PF3P$FBV OC)/&=(.DA1%3' 3*UA@WK:PU*BW@J\CI(
M.\U3:DHZF[);1]M&ONL=/


M$N&TD:1.80.*1=(APTS#IYSR#!DL5X














M4:A[F7@8&L





2UD0UP%'0H/!P#[5HIT;9YN8P-
MR*4
.8=:::*=2JRJ<RB;N5D/3%K
M<$ '-NV8ECUZ,DB&&.AP8!%*'?O6W;EP]7=N

M:


9[1D=KJ+RSGE7(JI@GIJ&JO*H6T+S

M13Z56=2JG@L;D\3U'1?!)$)V !P7XZYM%$&I _IZ6ASE;/YC.WXW'&M73M#$




=I4OG1_61
M(;7O_/CWSH_



M$

M)G6XABHXZ%W)J(I]:DJJS*1^



P2@'CSYE55\NZ7
M8IUJZH1=HVKZD17P.1IU:*JTCYZ;ZHJ;ZRJBIRJ5E5CRY54&K'=H!H3'W;
MCY(@H.B  X/ @*A*M&Y84U6O@QF@6:NP&F+8J*Y.=2M

MJ2FJ






;(K9GNQ#Z




M#

]6]089=5W_AG
F



MPK9Z@-L5_P<_0?,CW?#3;7'T[)\SK??ZR**P0Q@=%48)13#  %/M=VYX/


0@]+)'357:\%PI&] 6;OTEU7VH.2T19$Y,6TQ3YJ<MK1\
MU8L Z*)).8L.Q<D9AB;\Y8@384.ON7K,3\8#VD*)^9FUB/Z)
MPA.D!\
MQZ9AT

MR_P/8E$LN(Y%H%R([;ECL/JK
9^;21&??S;' F W/9HH]%[@[H+ZZ&!\'F*D

MG$3/!$B[H&LZ*9^'OFFUZ-7E7=UL*6VC+@AR4 QLXA(W9O\



G3B);=QNM.FCA=0*J-*PA]J6($Z'.,.CJ[5P-!FJ!Y
M='IYV

M.
P$@2TJ23Z&C)+CH6G;(9M?!4Z(01!!2EP0=(V&H2-U(W]@4[/:3!]MU%P


MLMEQG0N970ZM-*AL;TRQJW%U.T.8E7D

MIX\0??ST\=O'Y*L%/Q/KZ[=;_/_^^^TGDGSY^C__1^0ZX?^QDO_X\^.W_Y13

2B($O)7:]2JUJM/WQ;0(].@4MMZ'MV&+)6NU)J




4DYZO)NU(^M-F79+V1[K;EY?5V(S(G*7J
MDM 


!C?V?H1+G4\YY1J%
M2D7I.J=9-R(W*TR?73S+F-CIQ6%DSTO!AIOS]@E&'3R):EA]9O]\@Y0@+T%1
M1
5$DN\%#N)5

M[YI-:;C;E?G]?L=/ 7PKN&0R6(PH]J'?/VZ9(F35X?04H+X=A0Y .(EL2B/$









M[Q8NQ
B#P(_\B(8.@EX8=A4M $BPU
J?AN8
ZUJ'T
I:B+)OCP[G4TS.1J92

G;74+TC


U.$'E2'T?!( [-+^



P#

M2

(PAIX+.D@ 0:DKD:!&%_M/\;V4CEDKU69=8BLCD_LW4A



H?

M0





M0;MDU&\@GFS8O( Y_4Q1D






MQ+:;S9K9V@22=N&L#L/K=)CRENIW'!^Q,MR'*]%WZZ/UZ 9D&X%NG_*##XV
M3_JRK;-^9W[;T7R*WWDE_#YL;:

MVL3SO!HVL:

?#FEL#QZW*MF=;!3IY[=I8VQUH;6ZV_N+56


&BG/++GPTP(M%O$'-!68=2.0]!'&Q%




:BA2J@:6/%$T==1PK)9?%QG&4@


FWD0#Q-=OM-EG]7.T_\MT#^WV^

6F./=630C(/'-5_HBB+:?/X.PXD^VX?$


MXV\(7SGN

?P8LH/W$
M1



:60V


W+9YJ6






M+J1ZT41]#HPONM+O=AE(+AT-'A.%09?NI!RYU/

AB9#B_Q=J% 3N8Z'D



M;1VMV*7/O






V:98J[<K_<[4NN


DC6R*7#F
MH@-1K+^R/(T7!GQBG?^!)=PKN-SE/YC:U%WX (&&7D1Q0*B#?#L.41 Y00TA

#

MNST7E*U&[/\:
O





01@!1'

O+C=P#4TS=?A'SUQQ9-?HF?#=O/ 1F[QI



MODK9F6K5MEJUL?


U_J2+8OO6YX&JDY_Y\2L](QX3N#'F22_Z 7U
M)7*F-.?/Y1S9?6


&RL54:ERVY02K






M2PV+UT-_VRP66B+@B3)H;G(5ZCF
]
)!


;_

BA(483;9%8P)TI]K6/L;/%8-J#W8)W[M0)ZDJ_)NE!\Y&1^9&F%1
M-DJ1FOA*475=8D\M/^ERCQ






MZT_51H4_3=:6M7)XE+65V5.Z*_.^=MVZ
=7*6EM-1.%Q.XK.K&ZV?62
!.]@




M(;6305%5H3W#T;1'9*4=I(E'XFN.9$;A (9G.@*'6'1M] UF2W3DO6[H%$MW


M/I(B*UV__I*4%!&VPQ&D1$KRF0:Z3J8=&5Q[;7+MS==F.5%_5Q/:-^YPW7Q+
MF[^5N^WFP\-CNF[(W5W&'[G

BJS# OH
AIH[E$B=($A?VU2J@;\O=
3 

QA)=GUWQP)'

M' CWX869(;D-.B?$F13_6/!O^:U];B!_;?595$CW1K971)O.3/#8V@G2O:'2

8O0FMW!
M!)!R&T CC.!G6#;'9HR,1QJ]-C#SF,=AFK(+D2T<5X,2\$&+GV4; _35R/S
M@WE\ICD'T#3.AD9X:0Y5HKA^QRPT4ALP]%(T-L6M_+9WNUFA5.%KE82^3[!E

^49N)7A^
MMZA%TV./J%9AG/I4PP!FSYYS

$BB[@Z:_








M;E:A'6%B.SX*+)HX#HZ09UO$)HA2Y'L155D)-0;^)6Q'FB;C=3M)G6^-P=L
MF3WUOZLMDYISB=Q:Z2*\H3I][R'_(C#(\^TJ

D
I
M/K-X:MQKRUA!-6]F.?%H


/4#

M2(Z\
RJIF?UE:*-NHTJC/5:;#O[*S_ZM+


9Y&0-1NU4OYUA&6-.04AR5V8</9=7D?[7;;&V?1S0.(0)MA'U

WC!1)K7Q8]!)6.4%D@4.9+?


YS7ZVU9
P('+D.])['TY<1],G8E+A72_ =?/^7&S%#4-7Y79YMZ*[8


;6HD50=OQ8IAT

%)YI
D


ZC0&M


M][E5_














M['@83Q?7%8Q3I#;B!1QPH$=]%6$83]*+!\;Y&K9FH

'^F$L9.

MX14UJ1_N$/6@8
XSTH%C$1X:%EQ







.
ML]?M2'M



A!.
J@\^-O/%?2NWCIDW@5@Y;5H?GKNZ/4
M:&4EB.*84AC;&!%
(


;.'R1VA:T*Q!WX\M3CZ
MX')F&3(4*T\\M/IM&2(\A:%2TQ

O%8*2VKNRQO=M7D+QEI=9.)


?%3K@S41(%JD)L
,O[\,GK(&'&R;-D(9<]&9<#5_MUA&[%H #^72!NQHEH;C
6Q//$C



(DM
@\JK'TNVGDS+X*VMHGH
MV%DWPX*H;@==6AF=K4
L([[-S
&IM=*9/2)1[/GPW==W-
M$/9KV3

MEG_//A0OJMJO;.SQD)GP
Y9.%(8TPOM)+HQC6[(



=.5 BT4AR3$:()




MBR(=37I;X'_(I# W308K\Q^A!!Y_?/OW1@-8T)HPK=J/H_N
Q$_DQV7H
M^E3&EK.
%9
+%U[V
M6;WJ^*N=RN\2D:.%UYU3J6O':V_99O=-KN^(T63-T]_RS?9A^*NK!X$B_9

]2PV'2[D/5-]J-)MOQ$'O9#.[$]
M&/NQ0UTK)2Q+&(31%%BQ5A)F^=#:5B^.^3]L8$6.]B#%S=8\H=\R]2D-T/Q
M4M)\_I4+._#M6HQ0\*K/7*0%IO^B$D-_K@110&Y#4 8\?]-? G)E#/.A)CY


8#


M9CRWM$!@R

T]M\FS=Y5O^6I?6NRC;7+/BL
M=Q5_E)-]X%/):^BT?TW2.J]%QU]!GQ(

*2/[[*6N9GP!,WQ!ZF;@QI3*.^993$
M:ANB&MJ;+)N] F\,QQ;H4(T;0[6BQDW$\M$<S#!9A7O;=9D%$\#YPM3/!T6

TF<HJX-YGVYPC;<) EE&\F7K+1]$-5H


E1EC0*FM)XU1$)0VV3U_TESLUG32!0/D

MM!J-XG:)ZC3.H+-JI8$K6?7ZK2RRI]_2ZA]90W?%INX:HQ!9R E=1&CDD BZ
M263UC6&HM7WK+HM935K8
J(^L8C_S*

$!(
MI*LL#Z#G?' VSHSB_M(1*9?7(S2P(UU@VBQ+PZI'J[%UN2KT*QM/B.0H*F:O


.A%W@#VX9$*;-<'Y

OWV$S!


N;-A3H-'
G*F7AD



MJ9IV!M14ZJSQ1M2&MWA&/93X6(8:J$$N1_A?;;0FNWR[89K!I[ L3:C*[^W!

CR^]^#4!OE(]N1&_W3$

:
9TQM$C _D1-


_
@_=_DC;[%MD(2.XUC$



J8TT@_5U NNU[N'G=@K.ZXIR_Z\

;M

MKYXK\[22K

M9-(BARW?$8U!O&T#)48!KW4T$]4KZFP4975C3AIC-+'G$64_*]LL[+$%++
N]D*'UR2C$)<VJJL2=-8 )(
M@CI#=TQ.4W-&3T:SN0QM&6_&JQLE6G@Q]#B3J [OQ@[Q84QQY/H.A&!I
V!
M_

MU
)Q;RX-8%/AA
.:-5&U3_KE]3^2IR0KUM]X=2I1O1YB+  $00VI2$$0R=



M9M6R0?51Q_
[5
T
4JM3S68IEGJ)+24]&TCT4O5LJ#D7]6P43])SYG2;]675


6!D@2


M4Q4M9Y$9_38\E)Y-#(DK45M$UVD]@8VS%&


M7A\FXDI-)%[3I%ZL?C!?TB7KI^!M6.'Z(?Q=+E__AKTG5%0#.;.7LA]M0*FM





MU\/Z
M)#O2:=WA;0R9=$TOAIQQ659ZC%[B[M'DCH'C[)LWKE0XA10G#HVFP^
M;$


$-SM$4HG3*
)O9AD3LFEFI)U-%[?
M@6?8 )V!1ND


M%:3^/


MS^P5;#K)&$0);[M1L0.?=I?*/((]904:51#AC7I (6/JEK]]/PX%N6T:#(



X4'K*PA0&PV+6PP8=

MD.@$K


7$BL/8[ENW
M:*1TA5]7F].HGJ-3]10(U:%Z9KC4KWH
YR)5;\_?8-53]\![4+T!5BFIWE#6

M]IBESQ-KIO^\8




VR[Z0M(#6!O#EDNNFG7U+4CYD4J[;FTM1\:G


M=IO?MT6X5P%VXAB[+K83R_&AY[DA[!N-D1^LFI+_
^DL;$132@-ACTIZ(-SP

M5G[L^6$24X\BXO
C=L3=9ZHPD7MS3E=;AJ4./3_S ?(.&Z@8./!3RF9Z_7FW

MU

M$X^_R10S4:6$VE240266%Y
H45([PUA
JV'Y\% 6X&O#L(@416#]18 %Q_8H

A


MTU=ME!M15VD&SRBJ?B\L0T4-V%6:[K_CU/)$ZUWYLCTK1Q($JL.$QP%+@L

M5$L-=EU02UW


MMOE0K

*[: !EIL1PF5
QU)3T)1ZZ

MT

!0X
M'*F;JIYX/Z*I;-D Q1S&WO M$KAFLZ2=N-W3_?1P'WWE68Y-$P@QA2YT8$)#








GSC;F

M=Q_-F&?%PR:\=M8LLCZ _

GW)-O]O662_[;8L



M

M- _=PQ:




M8X(L:W^9BWJQ)1EN=#8Y5;2YYYB[8/-05MFX8*.5](NQ9BZ^U4*-0&DBTF@E






M3T3UB

M\!6+#40,/=\ @Y4?0U.[L*MQ*G97GH341=;








MU(++/DYTX6#[(ASL)U)[;W7H00L??#SG+2

M/@;4'T0J[UZ'&0;@69!)3P69WXN[]'M9\9#T
4OK3)QB3]?-RL681K9C);[M
MNE9 K20

&1\7L*12Y^.F=&)%T\LO0__


MDXZ'4Y$X+*(-)O-R
UFTZ[T4PB./$#S'V
MJ9TD)'!QWYKKV+[*?LS0-HSO_7-88(\+_-$CF_AJPAO\G%F6'\OH,E;<1UM1
MZNUG:B-'/#KRN2KO\H8_ F0EGF]%/B4XB'T+Q[1O(49RR]M#OM?P&G?57D4


OCZ4+EEC=Q_*%@7S.IF%9 040O%V(:8V%$4





JV [['[Z_2L6 BB4[^U7&:8;





B_ZNM$[$N:WZ:O
















%5?)QM&*J\ZH <6%=VP,[.% QZ5)8/NAAP/?AC;V8-+#6%L2G350!C6



MLCNJ(25IW6.2'N]?=[?B7ZD)ZSCJY
1S

M*.@1$

M


M49-E9Z52)WM#YM
KSR



_*F90.FF74YV9&%?3

MO2S]:(H[607M'R&]OD/I8\ZS%/Z2*']]E#\_*EZN.T#P?81($B6!8]MA%/DD












*A3CUMA
MB5C=;]V6
 LT;QB/4DKI13_
5Y44W]=3D0_-&:
G$XT




C38D&TOGZ@RR*LJMZP3U_?P4WYR//_3LMR(I#
2+:W,+T/:--OT,KDRP)CNY^/:;[IGF:NV33YNOF6
[MK(,I/A&KC74X19Z)<31:EV9Y)'.5)/*.0!CRQ#)DT8=CK9TC-<=Q



WAO%RJ=A&K)Z?1\+O.JUN.=)?
M&





:[\

K1DC &O
M3E./Y$+Q=

M SI*U

#$.-P<X V;GXTD54[EIN-3=2_VB
HC9/-
+5LXPJZO0K7BO=VJ/2V:8RW6V
M8B8Z@Y\-/Q&CPR/G
MQY7+^







M1)=4&W)_R_+[;TVV@:R7IO=97^U(M%]?[YJ:5]1DH 26E1WZQ=68%/'#XD5
M(6JC'D.(0J(V!/6V;7Q(=C#YT'M@85N,PQK\ F[%4/VI_?O;Y=N,#$8EL\
M3C.N6




$7S

M9+%_!)


MEA;7K2+^5U:S^/:A:!\86B6AZUN0Q;+ =X


M5:W!I0%4TLQD5^=%5C

2NTKVE



UH*TJ]'4RYO/*A(5ALOK0OX?$F^?]_*-;\S=W-


MABB:

M9;
'

EZ[E^]--7'OC $=4'Q5^#((

.H*'/I#;Q?X
M(KV0

:7NYA'&E-AE3 ?HI





3^Z/B[
_6:8^
!K=/

M

MCH\B)[9Z^Q(8XE61-0JIP;NP22H




6ONF#OB)(_L9_-&FWI'[FV:SNW!:2!W&2*G
MQ9*7^VS:V)&NN[\5/';%_5^I9*^%0U0:%/H0RM

MZ:-71\NSTX7\I3C-(LIV S
*PF9GN SU9?GZW2DCG203GBSLB;9N:7H72Z


M[MOU^OZ___;;GW_^^1_?OBSG_Y$O;WY# .#?JE:O/A'_^K5\[-?XT:\0_8KA
M?WQ;7?WEES##Q:IX=XV7E(]_^^'Y/W'Q-)12_E9\6SVZREYZ
'0+?_L_?W__
MJ9CGK]EBM9XM+M.__

M97[W6WSB-W5YF6\6Z]6'V??9EWFJ%E?AD^4FO7+?[M/%*EV% 17]WB[3Z[_^
/NVDP[%O[C;SN.HOUK?I,I)SF=Z&-V9?T_?YZOH

MG70W]G]MLE46=Y=56$V6UWFBW6V

M\'=\CYW-:K5*U^_N[F?9
FH/ ?'+@/@P&C^[S.;9^KN9YZN@=81//J9A_YPM
MLG\7 S/Y:GV(39WT/8V9JOO[9?XUO?HPGQ7
^I@6V?72RUN#_;^:5LUD/]
M$^Z(84R#?LU$21^OF@8=:FUE';ZAJUF'[?0N6\?AQ(&80K+?!,N.S29&@T'
M&*.9W6?KV?Q]&JROJX*^M19KFQX'F)7?K#?+]._9(KO;W 4UO7CHC\55NOP]
M@$:@O

M?OG/\


M

8\?B)+M]JENE5



46XQF7HO5T@?8]=S;+76!\

M$S:K\AUE_W76WOCCZI/=5;8X7:=C3!TD']/0Y-UMEVH@48?EOEUMHYO#8,H
M8A(/#+=9)P./W:W6V5U4G#Y$1UR^B!_6@F%7W0\\WTKZQHCU,+;/.Y([Q9A


MBU;=;:HIE5TT$A.Q[+R)0


M


8Q#KX'.KM UK_.IC/I\'
MX?UG$-HM*7PQR%FM8Q)\;M3OD#F3;& 'ADYCTD?]ZVGS8LL\\]!DR]?T98D
MO0YG 'HV\D

9ZM5=IU=


TZ8ZS=Q:#C?B;YNYC':UUV-:\/P9Y?5F9R*=$KE7GG


MT/S[QW2UF3_-Y_QC

.NY*:NQ[N@Z.^GK;H-2H@[XC.NIJ
M#J7;XET68T_*6)0PH'EV73CW=X65]T^@:2]#CW[_MW6PV


M9K?HF


M/(LY7L]67XJ);E:_WLQF][]%T?Y;.E^ORD\*8?\K@+M+^?[;[N-D-Z)5.:39


@?ITZG.


M


]2




MKW&PCZQ2(FPS6 AB.1.*(.I']!Z^





M2

\U
$61
MXUP N M2PE*-F<W_)*RSMB^I<?!N\YX3YKE@ 'BMC).  ^9013--,6HA<*9^
MTC$DXO:%^?;.M:&D5YLJZRPHM3B*M8PR&


M'G-36

M#C2+$1I.!PN$

M^OO?9_^5+XO+S _H
@UZ28*2:(BDV(6I&X*]QNYA \?VS. VF'[3'PLF 
6'



PY?7
MVP;=KVZS^\
8VM
J$8&1)*J#(
4
(LTR7!'


US5C@32 8
MYL!RK;0+*EI%-B%LFVS5O703PA!1]+RJ..YTJ3






MK-

N6_9NJ!$G7#.







9 ;
. 4SCTJ_703W7V

[^/
;.6
&D-R88(3X(75#2@F#Q







X


M4D#($1'!I@1!/(MRWQ82F'



MI@]BHD;#1&

M



PD9L)(




MCG;O 3C'^8V.9
90F]@KL_CX8RIMX#NZRTQ#D@@R#'%H%8S)++BBY4P-%T
MJG





M1D'T_GG]GN[U_33J*/$
*:ABK0UOB+1A_V&@I(:'LHU!VCQ//(\#/VU@=DWQ

M6

M8-W DAX4N3






;;YM)W








:S6
M.E=JW%?B/9 :2\]!4%#9\SK!YH8W;U9NH7V4T

8EJ:C
MCC)&+!*6$E?.GX!6UE&KXZ:?#Y0-63%ZLL-4+MD8)U\!(D4T-:8-

MV_7$Y+PGV@^UW^C-*END
0WP7YMLE15
W5_ Y9469$P$-ND-



M??R$P-09YVL@J0U]#V/JA0W

@N9_LN
=C3( &$$DB5

ML(VQUTS%FJVV%
:J95#=5








MNL;@%!@TE/#[E
ZOPSK;+&-=V=U=A7O$WTN/)TAI';0!X$VPBH6&P7(JCY8U
M]JVB_Z8:/-VW^.N SH



M0P4EUQQ)Q[ 
7&+;8U4.D-:TUL;?DUIS^.Z?9I=L'^XFH=08IX5F0;'C0E G

MTX$?A.
P+TZ4\UB(P=$#,*+0K$![/O=19GPGUB^9)\F^X+3-??%J'\07
M?KH-W-!Q!8?/XS[_Y%*HP7?-!]9&[?5A0!_3X@XCDZ_6JV+(7^*02R[5V$;;
M=9Q@RZF%W@D;L[
AU@K1XEIO!PC$OE;UT)$IIA]/K
Y6V[+G! CCE29&6BDY
M


+O%5;P5
EW %'.+.4R4!(T%GH;L*MI$_CK2Y^V3J(#\28L]EY_A<&0SO

QGI^AK-WN\)
M&^ZN\\11[H12P@$$C(!0(%@)#(1;I:5
W:DXOGHP./\FC_KMBEZY;^GR
ENE


6!Q%)A@<N-'BH 1KLCX6WAC<[LH9:BN[N?Y]_3
M]%.Z_)I=IB_3YO/LFTX7Z76V]H&1C[\Y'-W4S0L2&427YI&OAL#'2[VF:!





-:/=QN,:84)Y]H+281V'C'OR[DPD:K

6J$



MH'


M3CLO2AH

MJVV2H 4%Q1=(S8VF

(VU

MU15*$%/M( $



M8J+K;7;_.3]P4G5D3V'Y

MEM;QWMWQV4
))D&


!'
?[W?%&^


M'@)?:YWPJ MK2YB-JK#UA)





MYP_U')2=ORMAGAO))::2&L^\LT*ADJ9
NU97.H&W5=#YV4]'C)S\XM@5K?];


M(
7(
L MMEA8P+$RE24G99L2F?#D




MJQU72=DJ\6CRL?O#PW48-@T7H9]?ING5*MZ(^*@83'5M[_X@_0-M$Q?C'CWE


0L..N

MU\03*JA&#'*- X_:7GN:DS004;+ECL+! [/HF$21?VUI&2L6B;:(FLMT)[

M/0




N=XT@4PS@Y6W6CE(=:FH(





M%C'HI
;1:


B=$0H1#SP$


6?;I




5

M%6.GA+TNN#.9S7WD''LAJ430
8FDD%(QI%&9&
.TH6W.K2:/Z=&UT\'Y-WG4


0K;G





M$


MSWNR24RU 9)WSY+1X/:/;'U;+.&H1-QF]Y]SMUC'C?10%GW#GH+M(; PSENH
MA66*8 [*%#$;_G?.=]:W!
@AN'5*^
- ?.'&;G=W/\^_I_MOZW[V4&*


MJC&:!2

D97(0;GW^11?^)58P@TQ DO
0D6

MI.
02/&+2AN&-_R 3G=



HBY'CQ&I%N=




M6Z&KO7YO)HVF0&).@SZ(*:$NECWPR%M$

M+T1,+#W?*49]2=CO)S ^0IS&'G+-4 :2R$
+BBK%7HS$3JD:@:XDBE&2-.

;!W9
82@9IQA
MA(6&0&LK+5$EU8ATHX51GJL^

M
D8T1[$B+I


G?$REJ.DS/F2

@NUG.3HR[310!()+5

H4.K<]C1) !I86VA&C*)4 6

!YZ9\(L-8IZ)3 #FG#G
M!*Q

L5 @I:45

D1
RU6^OM3
RNN



YB5 #(+$3782VMH
M.3)O6)LM[#0/-$:RM$L.1XL/M\L#V+EX:'$ 0$P=]88@XV!+OPJRG$I8W^^






M2_ES'C\Z0HZ/


M_2M+O.#_AY7\A%JT8#C223-NB=$*K &H:5



/O7# X7I!
?W


?'YQ''I!*'2(.9
Q8B:Q\6!F^3%#CU _MNH=



XJNFFS_G\N6N@'$W5H?!A=\P(
M:-[.O=;NM*=5$*'22 &UH!HP(*DE5E96AN9MU)VIG_5VBY[NB#P4F#XLT_M9
M5@0[+%9I4-4NUK?I\@E5]HJ1NM$ 7TA'6
$0XL@R(4KF#2H$VM#4#UR[
M!5?WQ![%T*]KX=60RTQL
@B&7XR#:TIY^*L:R.5FA\_YNO9_%2!TX:LP\FA
M_#Y=K@O_\SI&7P5K\3YZQ_8K0?N:)1X%FU)CYPEA6C)%-*IFJCR29QR:W9%G


M8A.T=J 4UHI9Q#S&LMIB@1LV''


M;3X/[%E%K7O]O

M7GV8?8^';X$JX9/E)K#OAYGLVPOK]Y)(Z2$4D
M@7G#&@1)
/+(QVJ2PG1#\
$'0\9<?;

M$^

MTQS*DGQ84W3.X6J]0ZPSL@^6$)+?W67K;9+CXBJ6Y
\6-^GB
DOWN=3WM$J0



M)H*SEBP9[ BJ*D/S898%F]W
[K/U;/YH]/M.G@XV3JA66F LH
9A*\$ 6J_*
M64



MBK-%]&8B&0WVFC5!9T&8$L4

M0=3;=)U=SN9/1W9F)?&\1H$/BB
)O:(6VVE[E(0:FF1UV0U9':-)_G?T:6



M(M#JXCI61O5!M9Q$X?)J


M9[:Q(%L8[H=E_C4+]-7?_UC%Z-V+^W0YB[%(NWLHHAO@
 V:=Y9@S:-E@*T7

XY:=T@)A^8!0

ME&$M74DPBNK=!= 5D ;?8OKD^H\EL(XC^6#!_-GJLHBC#/K\C@#YXN%HQ@?B


H==@J#C0I9V<@'D91?D-@-^P9
MGP/6LZGV3Q=75Q7M5F+7][=W<^R922L;.ZV9LWV;2KQ!,KA27,,J)LT)
M!+3RZ^A6(G/ZZNVD(-LSZP:MEMD$LJ_


M71]JFBAGH.&2&FM]6)E!-1'E(8Q%3K2ISC'UN@:3PF;'C!JT%E%
4@EDV@Y]
M=Y_6'DR^VB;ADC@@B&5.&P:0X*PZ$;2 J39@K)^1\28J.^314#@
8URFLU5J
MT^W/1U39Y2S7\





;YE]\62T8I-ZMLD<8 D,)BH3<?;.W9E.#;A)BN'%$ P
I0$X:

4';'C %STR_3]*K(#XW!PQ?71PG
^KTD1 '(
M*(*:@:X0LZSRG]%-6ES'CCU.E!#0K,WC@PM,'V^?#R9PGO_ L5JR,R:/25(
M:J6D:1W!G*-+1BI(?G;IATQ?$M[SXE9C^LF)[UTXG5DR @34:.T\)EDXK


HH6-I=
06HS6G+U*.YAH1:1_0?P[RH
MB[%7VR1


M$$J/

%.G[Y=IJO5Y]DWG2[2ZVQ=Q&J]6'WV

4PMOX/^#4C_&'/
(:D$G3T#I)/ D
M$8!#C7E@%! D




MI;#



^2?6C5*;

P
MSL1#)4%8 ZMKQ9;T9H5K5#97

I?2?WE;H5^O&)N
M



 (R*D5Q:):C7T6N1$5TX]Y=$$
M)\WP$AU[YOQK&;]^
?^KN-TKK?V$@EK/-Q&QW+RS\K(MY@P[5\6F$.:Z&U





#(Y0*3V7
MEA(G:6.0EZ.QG-[U9X*^2+^66_)P7:P':E8QG$O4F'GVZ_SY3R-.;D[G*?.


F%][!*?





P

*4JA
MBGJB1! \*8M1!1C$GG2E7.L4^M$5KC:*5E*
*.@QE&E=(A#;RDHQRA45H65


M %
%
XBQP%IQ55:TH\XK^&2;[S.AG:D4R&XJB;K9?QZU*-G;(^WORFQNY]

F30*






-(L?MZN;W[^L%E&0
MFP='R93 ^.;)X7#
LJPO/ZY9
%2HC,28Y^NW%<=/Z#^K



]X79_7VH(ZX(7&LR)*;Y8O31\?5HN%7ZW_F*U/68P;]A1 LI,*
MCPB'E KH2:ZQ(

1
?1Z]V\(
1=
MQF&A+47

Q)


D[X5!



MPY[YE'..(BA)B254=)A$SZ-6^^R7T&-*:VSF-SIC#7 L3P@J3 G&NUP]J1(F


P7CBJ& BRB[=+H4M9P$AQCAIXBMCB_ZO?80JQ9!6!&/*@C$TP
C2!%L
M!7@8HP:8XT$3.PX\O7.E_O

MTL*(M





MD1#&WB5(%E9'#!1(4Y83;9-U(74I(L_#LY7
57S=;7KE=O6Q6
Y7ZX_%S7TZ
MWA3?5XOO\^5=_56@55?!(H$1%I9'_4EJC[4!I@3+^GK^-GUD0)D^9X; .Y=3

MMLL

H-ZKI!6

M#A8+5(

M!=)CP %EE#-#N 1.EZ.4PN5D:Y^@SIHO[!KL:87L4/QYB-Q
H0RSY7%;VXFG

*:I@%==@SJ8VGO_VV9^.Y^MXZ#/Z[TO'@[6

8[*



MA+F0@=]@=K(#N^&Y&]DC38)B$+/D$J
MM%&%5@!6]\U:\QQ7D?KU%2Y8C^@(

=!P2RHA4D'B.!E=*+&0ER9 I(O^!I
RL W_SZO

GR2JOK


U@3L-.
M E.&: @U





]U I6+KA^OBS7VE0/Z\1B=:1%$%!8C^(S;5@U$2]@OK=HVT%P[D




MUV=P!!

]9988BKI_@U-#3$=U=7[@=1[Y7_5U]7]LBY[

?

;@4M=



+_]


E3J(A9H)6QEA/@60H2
MK$/U(0R.N_B@VI;%AV@BX QPS%+CM/?

W)$YDUB[^MYZMUG&.[

M4E8#);PW7$HF*:-4( IE-9&T15FW$].C28YHZV0U:(;F=%






'UE
MD?Q=*C0=P#D64=I6//84& $$!JEBEJ00.EONWCS]X+J4F#P!UZMXW S1P;:@




Q^^'Q.:L-LTU

J$5:4YV&+B3*BZ?%'G(V;
C;5D9)@/TP.

MNZP;IOJ!]@
9W7^+\?DRLN)_9Z8S&?J)EH))0KJ/2X(VC7AOB<+68*^US

M/T; ]2^S[2X8J-B\^[R_7%]+Y+5QS% *E-': 0\9TO)!  Y1JFM9[/O78)Z$

MB?+I2IL1:4IDL
S*LW8)=RQC
;0=_-





M$ZY+W
?$$
M3?4
.(NCT9!(H8&Y;B,@#F5R^$



M3XJ9I3DDF7QR@#SU)1O





G

MN!




4GIJ$C34PD
F).;QO$P@L))4VI_'.2?!Y@%*%\.I






PLT!98(

)Q^BJ&



X046E

^RLE3NGB(#ZJ^8O64EK^.@_*9+H)2GLXGQLIG' &6*U8.2;$9(Z;R(6<



MA:MW(4R
MOGL# 9 QN+R3Q!QF 
23T+EM1*'4;?((.$$@WY&)6%#K


[?3UU3

4VTN_'R)T378@UU\51_^5)OQ








=
8Q/M;-&C(@^D#*TMOWDP7U!

MJ'0Y

S@OS6.54&Z4@



ZW(/Z@C2
4F34R'82H0DX1)38!!6

M@6:0=B+\EE7X-(XK9=2B!$.&
PN1=]67QN4T)U'E);@N]
6$EOB.LX^\S2C)

. *FH0=-7X*




L]



65BNS=/FI+V_=,. HK;+!'LX7_^O7U6W$NOSBL_ODD18A+MC6PD
M,P!5)5*H



F]

-D4B^WR;

NK!+:


M1CKB+?.

MR]$[XJ[Y8F4*G#I&\RZ%-CAE]S?[E\


7C2$P:-R!(
G2)O@SMRA
ML[Y#D-0H:%5B&A)%,6((U7J[Y)8;

A.$KE2
JQQK4_
](

6YDJRN

!
VHDE=PX:;SWW&!?K=-0TFO.7=


M5\OU
W'7OB;+?4=0U#NK',IMX\S%!OB2APIQ/Y5['X]TN^8J6Q@P8UP;:W
MZ/EU\?_NB^7-C_HW8
=:!ZZ



M^$.1[

MQS@L

GZ=0!

H @S@VS@ODA
):@')TUIGK+A3:

M0(0.(!Y




M;+%.9;*T*W&*6E3.07GJIZ


M39N_YD"!'&#,HG8%,=<4^,?1[(Q0&:21KYXT[8'NAS8J?MKM[O,6
ML[LC5'GV3%#.QZU46^NQ\(9?GQYN(<$V2QO8? *^9&#;J^FDY3G;OEQN[KY

[FW?UVLYTMDYWGM!WE1
C&8?7NCJKB'W9)S+\7'Y


MG:?]9X


*1$4V(V6B?AO':Y[Z0W%_Q=ZP\ZRTMQ@\:Q=4(!:
KKT4R$CX %#%<WL=!O/N6

MW
\+@R46
!.UE[A%2N



ML1?1' &




M2:#8:B$ TMZRN+E#SU4%J2#^&I-N]



P(IC4R7-_3+EGS_V^@H:62);J9VDN
M/?

ME#R 2^P

M)3%WV$)

6) U]I2^U8[;/$YZL6WNEC&/VQWLGL:R:9^

&0U!7%#):H\ZF%$
'#V/P:SUZ?_B@6WXM?







M._#'L\GI'^G?:K


M\J8SR#LFT





MP;9SZ/'@F'!82. D%)R1.!S\F




I3#EG.KB1?#2.ZA+@5(=YMOQ3K
M-\OOQ6:[NX1Y/UMOEQ'-+_-OF_^UFB^W_XX_35;P4RQIV$G 4! :ETH!L!8B



$=@8I$C5!B%AY!TB%PCF&PJG?

D+/TZT( K?2O@V;P]\7Z)@GMKGA8EY/5XE\?W\[6=X69?=M=UQVMQ]&R

M^':@Q\9U 3K*I')JHH@'N[&S$!A&DZVM7:M5(N7P:3BMK[=;9.M1N^%Z\N
M1
]K#8DD1D!$K8H*NN8F_D5#L_


V$

MS;49U.

U0'\Z+N
9LK

M Z U4D;':CC*1D#46*0BO]=URK7 S?.L*\KY%N9IFSQ8;[Y/1[M/\:SRK:X
M^S%?QD?(J5OGDTT2$8T+^

34^U
MM


B(A!@R)!SQ
M2 DEJG53

X0
M05RE^L2Z6NI)U!]SC(135[2ZYU)W0%]:5('2VE&NI


MX-W3J!.


MBT^S/QN1MI
WIGRQGG$-I-3(:4-



]@Z
M]8QZ_;!U--E
;4U.NTS:9#I?A0]W'+CBWFE$


A$*F

MD

H&)$2^D0*


1Z21

TH8^BEE=-RJQ8X0:?VN


CJY4C9I'IP31@'@&.7.8^=
M?SJJ28USKO;@UL=];9U]P5_*RK]5Q&7WS]RV-2DAPHIU!!$K_NV0_5P:7

MJB!

M'\B/Q[K#Y[ :IYRF705+ (BC)U #IXT4U-AJ@C
AKZSB2

MX12-N+?7+@@MC:1*.B$=PD0 )9] =2@GA.ORDC5TQ8NS!&PO@8ZB!795X8K-

MUUA$




M-B)FO2Z#Q%)J@;&C
$6

M-\7F
;7 P\']U;F^$04T==X ICC V'I+.'#0&0NI5Z)6X
]@H5$-A+LY)%UU

]58S!:0U2B,)J'Q;P\28L;2K$01$SWU]DKD
M\_%9TY/JB.&(G8'16?SV
)\4$


M7L/







M(BE:[PXEE;9-9UQ95J:


M.P



F[IYLAG1

M+J_6R@BT[5 XXU'UTWJVW$1!;W2Q_:

M


^JA[/

;)54^9D=@I*5
:
KQUSU5$.)
-:82(:LIXY3

8BD]5 2$V5-JVU#VBM;\SIF3&T?
MA Y%


0R[W'XAZ6:(8V3MJ/9\MRHR[S=V@]EL'(BCGC$L-
ME$?:$T&@JU1K(G

?TREOK%-(AC#&/)%4[EAY!^53'04N(?. 2XZ4
M]9BFO&65:0)KF1

M


W1V+

M4[N/8*P2

M
VHL5(YCQ3Q 3P!KP')BY-O:VE\9
;N0R_4=?S!24ODX(8F-DY)AZJ6I5&R

C



M2V1


H




6Y%V%


WUXEL1]:(7W!MQR40
EI-9NF$N5I\6F_6W8K)*9T';G_^(





.CTJ50ZFQVYO=4*I=P*_1J8\A@YTTS$D4+1;$O7Q PK2


NNEP]



M1XU4+9=I]%M]]I*3^



5EKYVT5U;LMV5)+KI!

MH[F-7460*





FQ!1Y12Q P*9V-Q9IYA<L[3V2)

)F@1SGUYL9N
M(O1

M\\0XKS7 )*K)Y04_8DSF'+&
78_KFZK=B:61-?MK!]T^+$#=+^*D^L^N-[&O
 R6,/^!)XL\9A!M[['M'NEWG0AAP<SY_B;R]
M -Z.S4[6A9\NSQ8]::/Y$&TW:P4@ KJL;)<P-+F1T+BG*O7VM6^KH*^ TKG
MA?#Z[:1+6J?60S3\M(R;#




V+*\SZND?[_9?9
M].NV)Z\OJ0 #0 !&B38IC(]@@_R^5#%QBK)*0?3=8#%





)(I!D5T4[!!%!(/'T8NZ
YMPHC#!OM9\/K OGA6/?

+V^G-'A2S6*U?W;F=9(@C# S


DZMZN'
M_TL[M]
8


!M!]QR@)_






D)VL&-2*C.(&.=%M]?[NZ=GO3E2?HW!T_/Z_


MX\W:#M1Y*9AR!F/+K!

U

MS:(1(:LT%(Q5QF%-.49 .$)2:



L;BR$L)=';\'D5?_


!P

:
M+6OKRV5P8[S\T\?%;':W6/XQ6=Z^2@/;1N4.2@ -5S:*CI3+C9Q8*FTI%Y
MMW@D?F=AJ


FC
/K
MD\O%:F4FR^7/5(?R/F6EB4\]]E1^I#NG2_2GK[]??RN6G[]-YN4G7J4R2K1&




!




JD%(9;A2QB-NH7JCRQ-BRN



@4DC$H)LD243@D6*Y]C<8P]
M6K;C\YH.X!^*?'&:Y%#OV.L!
BD@ @0B);UEU #A#R.GK-]XU]&L=^T3KP7P



5@R-;XR


M 0ZM
M'1Q'(@%H;)R^-4Q@91AUA]J#D..-S/)*RD@*_
MV!VX._!'0,*.(Y-H<A)AYC6B)JH<VMD2SRB6?Z*(Y K


MAUX81PPT2#(C&3Q86

'8

CO #KE6JNX#QZQO;T)63WMU-4':@-

T=/S8O\Z
_LQ;@4NI( 7.
#=R_7CX_#F'E^W





)6B#!J4N8?*Q[G\-Z
IO
;XI/WXIBO=UZIW?3F[WI]ZY8V[TH

M=#9=3XMTO&@VRT3[


M\VXQOZF_.#UY


4W+S62VVOXS

RI@51%&XX*
M!0D4@)2C(9KG.*!D!92^-
IUB?I@2Z@MEK'_J;S2FWG$99.V@5JZP-$& J*8
M (V-D\8BA!ST4A\V$.=1!N?&GBRFGV6N#=@'(]W[[T4JZ37_F@+^S62Y_'FW


M3?SWZ;HQ X^W$*AU6CJKG116)W2/M%R_!AFE7FI'51ZE8M?*[@/QKN_3V:;
MG5QGL\4?R16L#N=^?3L((Q@%#B!(..?2*FE*=940Q'..-JL'E@Y5NKH?QF6C
M/AC;GM[#-'=:[O4*(QSYXBDU@I)HD)+6#2.B(TH9[L?FAIOW=E_7 L^]A

5*+(G3K)^\;==R2=
*QL/RZL-R$=7


MQ+;$
+#STNFXIOJ.3*?;E(I+R2+*H;46#K4\7
/29
X)R3NZ9I+*^7FNT)
M8EAR/IP


M
3F

M_4C+7P7+3=SUM590:&* UTZ+@_GL5

M8AHDAX*1^'^:








$:8EDYQ
MA@03!T0B(#G)RL::R*)MXG6



!
M4
\PB]C0N)$0X@%2ZC/(Y(93,VJQ/XF#HJR;3(Y-2M1_XIZLMBL_X\O8^]


*!M!XK+7PR2$ZL

PG&B=:GT'D'Z
:[R\YNHV.[K5F]+PIU8
M_*\NR#1EY(%* 4F
4B0N.![3;7UQX2QN)*BT%6\X5.QG)(^_-FMKE-5O'V

SKUG_8
_1O*?

G-

D

M2F5.+48BC+[VNQ.]/C%NM?9%%/]DMMO1%\N?#^^?CP-H]3O!8P$Q)T0X1RC0




MK16(#2#2


KT<_XYA)#$LDY\-H;%+1PNM!VN!5-Q3J6P
MBGDJT
]CJ


M]=Q10S PUD1=5#MB:(DC
3+GPGV\'B0O87/H1H!CF@A-'4NRVPZ&:$MXE)Z'
BL\E/3)7:6?-Q<LIA%?W 
&5!QRF-L#IL9

# PJQH!DF*AT]6IXP<TL<NJ53CV)/0#KH;M2*-G]M6/ECC_8N!41;@<
M\&GUEP1@Z
T!14HKY6%LS;VE7R-S..ZU(XR^J%=Z$K1KMV2T&CQ7@FD%9#2S

[-*



M^[NC?S^WMC5I+QAH*$:$&D&@9Q#SJ)7LL&% 





M$

M&EG/M7+25U*L.A[KQ\D?OT63;SF=S))_6F3BFL7JZBBO+_[&&6[_'&A[D.-
M=J(20U3*=RE=YAK%\$YX






8*%OM7JES




GBC+9 
V0 )48 2SAQB F88\6^Q'4O


EM_



M*M[//Q7+'].;E

MN.N_D2UHE8GX:\*0X:768YJ;RH.U1=7!PI8F18TO!D^
1E92*[%W N'$SQ





MWIC;$3K*5$[NTA&2*5?



MD5+Y?XO)\O
?B_88O&\P6




MU
+DQHO+XR

ML9U+5*;'1?+EBF XZNW#QU+


$G!B?)S+

)
(L=




D :4H*T=[$/4FH!+/7ER%&T

MY;Q  %&OO 1


-$H*LX (K





MPY5)&LU91F45KC5ZE]@+W-J!1SUN=\*#\8HGEPUI#ATS3#!=IC-30GE0


.F\Y%%(7@N*:^76 U8:
M.\X5 89Y!#FC!Q< B[W)NA_\ZX*P7^F,RQ<ZFIG;J)WIS?Z99&F^.L=H)*GB
M@#&E(WD8P.9@2Z=**J2=7A-CM'
 .*Q
T@1;;42DEA4XJ&A_LS8TW:9#E&
MUQ/&2W.,!ES%E9H(YBUR@).FM'YVV_Y6'&YAA=6?+5'*/K0?T2':.QD](K
M) R@E'J$)7/E!G..UL9(9ERQ5S5




MQ_SG7PA:4QEAT0AC+XU@6!AR0
6P:[Y1ZDBPYVS.IKBWR9.3I_B77@FQ9QA2


M!H!W08@6
;ZNJQ1*433?D(!:&1+_ S'#Y=AMM..ND%_]:-=BF$XOYW
9FM
MOYF(;YH_GR/








M)3AS_]Y


MB /%E!'.2F








H:4:V!D*K[81
Y2G'*
_Z% )@A!DINN8.44H(PX66? 6*#
MN6.,8QVH+-%%!V#7LSA7Q<W_^;KX\5^WQ33-%9)^2-0ACZ9(_%5X6WR=S-Q\
M'1?<4YEC?WTJ, @ID'&E8IY3Z(!U&I0]%XKF^.F.B9MB6_1%I#=4&#7G=/Y

 EKVD%I8*:OZRQ!N




!*7XY#&G_-*4G;IDAS6/O=@E*]
!_1
(NH
MC
TWT_G7AW.C^
1LD_S//R0ODBC.]7HY_;)9;T

M@_*@+*O+J51=WH.H9
85UG/IJ(00E=@I6:T*WPO5ZUL7?Q5ZU01\*#+M
:A!


30IU_;AN)91.UB!H-$?.[4+;%^K

MSEJ39;R-GD:=X-MH88FD-9OU:C*__9_%EY6Z62_NTB
[52_^

MEYIZ;02/



MO?L9K09ULRWF
NXB)I7&'C8DB/]WP


955$%)17QMY4.V(= X!$93X0B-&HGQ*DC

YGB)7
DR4YDQB_[DT)=I_C&V6SQ1]2]BM4VF?:J
M6/XH5I]C7TY$.=1K(#A'#:8J18MCQB1T)082V7%-5][=423DV1L40[C8.')







MDX=8R3D2W


]JKG^;K)

M2X2'B%-F#9F%WM#HP)*!29HNN?1^?=_Z12/3/_1\ON1\U:U@B1Q5TEN!


0
M,KTIX!3@3H X,Z1A]$:GY-



M@SFR\]P8+J55FZX;6BA 
8LB0@18%/5JL$WZ8P'P$.I*L8A=NVZX;?F]?TQO



N

JR

]KHG'&\KN TT;C/P. \X





#WI_UXG2BL?DR@?X[[8


M)E

MYYM'I.-&?3F9]K





?JEN$QHH0F.P(P'C*;&+ 5@;.4
MN4&K2YS#O]+*4*F!H*TB%FIK*/34IU62HQ(!P&&.R]W8#\O:X,7SI: +T,<T
M\\=29Z+MA8!3&FT601$ADK 45ZZLMMPAGJ)N?*4;A@H.V=5 /I53H%X#P0D$
M"$LI6'QT%KM._')+3

M

J@$AV/^978
M2UU1YI=CG1YD











MP CII4:R4]C8JHKBB
IP#[-A]8/Y2=SY







MWB

<D*,F5TH2P*)1--N1VW2J (&TH]@IO'KJ'?BJ'2A!







P!R/&Y
\R8CQ\KF(

M=SW=G*




HVV3\U^G\_OTS2^SV^.U= ^


M53ZX(C0B

M'YNTN70 ]F4=/89VO;8IH_J@

M(02N/0LHO7'$%&G-?E:?E

]H#4R%HE?8XUE6 0LO4D@%$8)V=VG0UAE:2CJ8Y$

M(A)\[59.

4     "B5I,
M[5O+W_A P VQSH #P              @ $     9&8M
C Q-S$R


#
M &1F+3(P

C
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (*)6DP3OOL:PC\  /'$ @ 3

4     "B5I,ALWSV/-^ 0!-6Q0 $P
M        @ %/500 9&8M,C Q-S$R,S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (*)
M6DQL#).-F 4! !KC#0 3                7/4!0!D9BTR
#$W
3(S
5]P

end



