

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393905-13-000165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130415
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130415
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001269879
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				830375241
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32032
		FILM NUMBER:		13760878
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		132 E. NORTHSIDE DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE C
		CITY:			CLINTON
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39056
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(601) 488-4360
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		132 E. NORTHSIDE DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE C
		CITY:			CLINTON
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39056
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONVENIENTCAST INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090827
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LONE MOUNTAIN MINES
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080815
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	iAudiocampus.com
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080815








Washington
For the fiscal year ended December 31
Dewmar International BMC
Clinton
Registrant&#146;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
The Company&#146;s common stock
The number of shares outstanding of the issuer&#146;s common stock
 $.001 par value
 as of April 15
 2013 was 113
611
Dewmar International BMC
Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
Directors
 Executive Officers
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Certain statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results
 performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Our plans and objectives are based
 in part
 on assumptions involving judgments with respect to
 among other things
 future economic
 competitive and market conditions and future business decisions
 all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that our assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and
 therefore
 there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein particularly in view of the current state of our operations
 the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a statement by us or any other person that our objectives and plans will be achieved. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth herein under the headings &#147;Business
&#148; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and &#147;Risk Factors&#148;. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason. The terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;our&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 or any derivative thereof
 as used herein refer to Dewmar International BMC
On October 28
 2011
 pursuant to an Exchange Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;)
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (fka Convenientcast
 Inc.) the &#147;Company&#148;)
 a publicly reporting Nevada corporation
 acquired DSD Network of America
 Inc. (&#147;DSD&#148;)
 a Nevada corporation
 in exchange for the issuance of 40
000
000 shares of common stock of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (the &#147;Exchange Shares&#148;)
 a majority of the common stock
 to the former owners of DSD. In conjunction with the Merger
For financial accounting purposes
 this acquisition (referred to as the &#147;Merger&#148;) was a reverse acquisition of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. by DSD and was treated as a recapitalization. Accordingly
 the financial statements will be prepared to give retroactive effect of the reverse acquisition completed on October 28
 2011
As of the time of the Merger
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (&#147;Dewmar&#148;) held minimal assets and was a developmental stage company. Following the Merger
 the Company
 through DSD
 is a manufacturer of its Lean Slow Motion Potion&#153; brand relaxation beverage
 which was launched by DSD in September of 2009. After the Merger
Dewmar International BMC was formed as a Nevada corporation on March 13
The Company&#146;s trademarked brand name Lean has been repeatedly used in hundreds of popular hip hop songs by a number of gold and platinum selling rap artists throughout the entire United States over the past 10 plus years; this shows that the trademarked name shall already have some valuable recognition by our targeted consumers due to this fact. Trademark is under the name of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. was formerly known as DSD. DSD (also referred to as &#147;the Company&#148;) is an existing business that launched its Lean Slow Motion Potion brand relaxation beverage in September of 2009. With operations based in Clinton
 Mississippi; with offices in Houston
 Texas and registered in the state of Nevada
 the Company reflects a brand rooted in hip-hop culture that is influenced by a multitude of iconic rap music artists that is also embraced by high profile professional athletes. Its secondary consumer base includes the over 70 million Americans who suffer from insomnia and sleep deprivation. Bottling and manufacturing of the beverage has been outsourced to co-packers primarily in Memphis
 Tennessee with a secondary facility based in Evansville
 Indiana. The three uniquely formulated Lean flavors of Yella
The soft drink industry has generated more than $40 billion annually since 2002 and is projected to grow to nearly $47 billion by 2015. IBISWorld. &#147;Soft Drink Production in the US Industry Report
&#148; Obtained June 2010. Although the &#147;get your lean on&#148; cultural phenomenon is relatively young
 several companies have already ventured into the market in recent years with beverages in an attempt to capture the market. These include Innovative Beverage Group
 Inc.; Funktional Beverages
 Inc.; Katalyst Beverage Corp.; Revolt Distribution
 Inc.; Next Generation Waters
 Inc.; VIB Holdings
 LLC; BeBevCo
 Inc.; The Chill Group
 Inc.; Boisson Slow Cow
 Inc.; Sarpes Beverages
 LLC. The Company&#146;s research reveals that consumers are seeking a beverage in this category that is tied closely with hip-hop or cultural icons associated with popular music genres. &nbsp;Research completed by Dr. Moran
 CEO of DSD
 during a series of surveys from 2000 - 2003 while working on his Masters Thesis revealed that prescription cough-syrup laced drinks
 with a vast variety of &#147;street names&#148; are heavily indirectly endorsed by numerous popular rap musicians via their explicit lyrics which leads to potential drug-abuse issues for millions of fans and listeners worldwide. &nbsp;Lean Slow Motion Potion is marketed specifically to curb this negative trend by steering easily influenced fans away from potential drug-abuse situations by providing them with a safe
 non-alcohol
Dewmar uses a variety of marketing channels to promote its relaxation beverage. Creating a sales force to secure partnerships with distributors has been essential to generating recognition at the retail level. The Company additionally offers its retailers marketing materials including posters
 display racks
 and other point-of-sale items. This will comprise half of the Company&#146;s overall marketing budget. To brand the product among consumers
 the Company has allocated 20% of its budget to radio promotions
 10% toward online marketing and social networking
 and nominal amounts for billboard and promotion vehicles. The Company will additionally hire celebrities to promote the brand and will pay them a promotional services fee ranging from ten cents up to fifty cents per case (1% to 5% of the case cost) sold in varying markets where the celebrity&#146;s likeness is used. The Company has had agreements with Swisha House Entertainment of Houston
DSD has identified the need for a relaxation beverage in response to a lack of market presence for such a product. In contrast to the multiple energy drinks that exist today
 elicits a different kind of mindset. The active ingredients in Lean Slow Motion Potion are melatonin
 rose hips and valerian root. Although there are numerous online journals and texts available that speaks on the topics of these ingredients
 we have included a single quote regarding each ingredient from two of the more notable online health/wellness websites. WebMD website (www.WebMD.com) makes the following comment regarding two active ingredients that are found in Lean
 &#147;Melatonin supplements are sometimes used to treat jet lag or sleep problems (insomnia).&#148; &#147;There are probably 40 or 50 different herbs on the market that advertise that they really do something for sleep. There are only four or five that actually have any significant scientific data behind them. Valerian is a big one.&#148; Furthermore
 the website www.HealthLine.com made the following comments about the herb Rose Hips
The drink&#146;s premium relaxation formula was developed by a registered pharmacist with a commensurate understanding of pharmaceutical compounding and nutritional supplement formulations. Lean is a safe and satisfying mix of pharmaceutical grade herbs and syrup-based flavors to give the consumer &#147;functional relaxation.&#148; Lean additionally features a unique link to rap and hip-hop music culture
 which is one of if not the most influential form of music in the World today that leads to consumer spending
The Us Pharmacopeia (USP) publishes official monographs for certain substances. &nbsp;These monographs include specific assay methods and product specifications to assure identity and potency. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Material that is tested by these methods to meet those specifications is then eligible to be called pharmaceutical grade. &nbsp;This is what we are referencing as it pertains to the active herbal ingredients contained within our nutritional supplement: Melatonin
The two herbal ingredients valerian root and rose hips referenced as pharmaceutical grade are sourced by Allen Flavors
 Inc. of 23 Progress St. Edison
 NJ 08820. &nbsp;The melatonin referenced as pharmaceutical grade is sourced by Metabev
 Inc. of 75 Kingsland Ave. Clifton
Current Good Manufacturing Practices are followed by the pharmaceutical
 biotech firms and food/beverage manufacturers to ensure that the products produced meet specific requirements for identity
 strength
 quality
With a clear brand identity and current roster of distribution partners
 the Company earns revenue through the wholesale of its products. The Company also expects to generate revenue by offering advertising space on its cans and on its website. DSD specifically offers three packages - a platinum package
 gold package
 and silver package that offer advertisers different levels of marketing. From among these packages
 customers can choose whether they&#146;d like to place banners ads on the Company&#146;s website or have their name
 logo
 and website featured on a Lean can
 is a potent yet refreshing carbonated beverage that is naturally sweetened. With elements such as Acai Berry
 Valerian Root
 Rose Hips
 and Melatonin
 Lean beverage relieves everyday stress by creating an almost immediate sense of relaxation. Lean is available in three flavors - Purp
 Yella
 and Easta Pink. Served chilled straight from the can
 over ice
 blended
 or in various cocktail combinations
Purp resembles a light grape soda with aromatic hints of over five novel ingredients that drinkers are typically unable to pinpoint
 but yet still enjoy. Focused on the more traditional Texas-based consumer
 the raw mix of Sprite and grape Jolly Rancher is enhanced with a special syrup concentrate to take the edge off. A number of popular Texas rap stars
 particularly Houston artists
 have made this flavor the most well-known among hip hop fans worldwide as the name &#147;Purp&#148;- the slang term - has been used in hundreds of songs online
 on the radio
Yella is a mixture of two natural wild backwoods-grown Southern flavors enhanced by a light pineapple base. This Memphis
 Tennessee born flavor includes a hint of cherry Jolly Rancher candy flavor plus a robust deep South honeysuckle-like sweetener. This flavor was derived from the wildly popular lyrics of the Oscar Academy Award-winning rap group Three 6 Mafia
 that repeatedly mention how they prefer sipping on that &#147;YellaYella&#148; beverage to get them in the artistic zone and a steady
Easta Pink combines strawberry cotton candy with two popular flavors loved by youngsters and adults alike. Inspired by repeat multi-platinum album selling and Grammy Award-winning rap artist DeWayne Michael Carter (aka Lil Wayne) originally of New Orleans
 this mixture reveals a triple flavor combination including special syrup
 Sprite
 and a combination of cherry Skittles or Jolly Rancher candy flavors. Lil Wayne gives accolades to this concoction of Lean flavors as being his most favorite
 with Purp being second. He single-handedly popularized the term Easta Pink in many of his hit songs while performing live worldwide and in multiple music videos aired on the MTV
 VH1
 or have created sub-category brand names for in the form of a flavor description as it pertains to Purp
The Company does not have distribution agreements with every distributor
 nationally through retailers across the country. Furthermore
 the Company intends to greatly extend the brand&#146;s awareness more so internationally over the next twelve to twenty-four months as the CEO plans to visit a number of foreign countries on International Business Trade Missions. The industry analysis company IBIS World projects domestic demand for soft drinks to increase over the next five years by more than $2 billion
38
7
1
80
3
38
15
41
6
1
75
3
42
15
42
7
1
73
1
3
43
15
46
8
1
74
1
3
47
15
49
9
1
72
1
3
51
15
47
7
1
71
1
3
49
15
47
8
1
71
2
3
48
15
45
8
1
70
1
3
47
15
44
7
1
70
1
3
45
15
44
7
1
70
1
3
45
16
44
8
1
69
1
3
45
16
45
3
1
69
1
3
46
17
46
8
1
69
1
3
46
17
46
8
1
68
1
3
47
18
46
8
1
68
1
3
47
18
2
In this industry
 the new age beverage category is a new
Generally
 a beverage is considered as a &#147;new age&#148; beverage if it meets one or more of the following criteria; it has a noticeable functionality to the consumer other than just to cure thirst
 it is not a traditional flavored soda
 water or regular tea
 explicitly states
So what exactly are new age beverages? Well
&#146; is growing and changing. Before only energy drinks and really new innovative beverages where part of the category. Now the category has evolved and you can include enhanced water
 teas
 diet drinks
 iced coffee and really
&#148; The article continues on to say
 &#147;Why are these drinks growing at 50% per year or more? Why do we see so many waters
 energy drinks
 hydrating products
 etc. on the market today? The answer is easy. Consumers are demanding more and more drinks. They want drinks for every occasion or part of the day. They want organic drinks
 sugary drinks
 healthy drinks and every type of drink to fit their personality
Published: Jul 15
Yet another article written about the New Age Beverage category makes mention the following
The article continues to read
 &#147;Companies examined include the major carbonated drink players (e.g.
 Coca-Cola
 PepsiCo.
 Cadbury-Schweppes)
 as well as the niche players making a name for themselves in this market (e.g.
 IZZE
 Jones
examines the state of the U.S. market
Market Trends: New Age Carbonated Beverages Published:Apr 1
&nbsp;&#147;The Relaxation Drink industry is already established and will be growing from a higher base
 the potential demand pent-up in the market for relaxation drinks outweighs possible challenges to the industry
Relaxation Drink Industry Report Now Available from IBISWorld Published: December 29
 primary market is fans of the hip hop music community
 particularly males/females of varying races and ethnicities that are under the age of 40. Not only does the hip-hop culture automatically embrace the brand
 but it originally created the &#147;get your lean on&#148; culture. A secondary market exists among adult consumers of all mature ages searching for a non-alcoholic
 drug-free beverage that aids in relaxation for the purposes of stress reduction or sleep assistance. &nbsp;This secondary consumer base has been reported in several news media outlets to include over 70 million Americans of all ages
Our sub-contracted flavor house
 Allen Flavors Industries of New Jersey
 has the exclusive responsibility to provide the highest level of quality assurance protocol to assure that we attain consistent
 high quality herbal ingredients that serve as the active ingredients within our flavored concentrate. Also
 Allen Flavors works in conjunction with our sub-contracted bottler Big Springs
 Inc. of Huntsville
The material terms with Big Springs
Minimum production 2
All products will be produced on wooden pallets ($10.00 each) .Pricing is based on raw materials cost as of December 2
 Allen Flavors believes in responsibility and accountability in all aspects of our business. Our marketing
 our procurement
 our recruiting
 our impact on the environment and our contributions to our communities
 all are part of our responsibilities. Acting with these values
 not just expressing them
 is how we show our respect for our business
 our employees
The Company that currently operates as Big Springs
 Inc. was founded in 1902 in Huntsville
 Alabama. Over the years
 Big Springs
We produce a wide range of national
 regional and private label soft drinks and energy drinks sold throughout the country. At Big Springs
 Inc.
With over 100 years of experience in soft drink production
 we can assure our customers of the highest quality control standards in the beverage industry. From concept to consumption
 Big Springs
 Inc. can accomplish your goals. We work with suppliers throughout the country to procure all raw materials used in soft drink production. If you need a product developed
 or a state-of-the-art production facility
 Big Springs
 century
 a sub-culture emerged in the south centered on &#147;getting your lean on.&#148; This term was a euphemism for the dangerous practice of adding cough syrup to a beverage (carbonated or alcoholic) for the purpose of relaxing. As the practice increased in prominence
 some drink makers entered the market with products catered to this culture. The Company&#146;s internal research revealed that consumers wanted a product with a stronger cultural association
 a more pronounced physical affect
Many articles over the past years show where the Drug Enforcement Agency and other police officials fight the war against drugs that result in dangerous overdoses and side-effects daily whereas millions of people experiment with prescription cough syrup as a form of illicit drug use to get high by mixing it with different non-alcoholic beverages. The repeat use of prescription cough syrup for recreation can lead to drug abuse that has a number of dangerous drug-induced side-effects
Most recently
 one news article reads: &#147;Authorities say they cracked a ring that smuggled prescription-strength cough syrup into Houston to make a deadly potion popular in the hip-hop world. The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said the ring used its own rogue pharmacies in California to purchase 97
the Houston Chronicle reported Wednesday.&#148; It continues on to say
 &#147;The popular but illegal beverage
 a mixture of cough syrup containing codeine with carbonated soda and candy for flavor
 sells for nearly twice as much in Houston as it does in Los Angeles
The state Texas State Board of Pharmacy featured an article regarding the cultural association of prescription cough syrup abuse where it states
A recent article titled Cough Syrup Abuse written by Stacy Barnes on January 26
 2011 stated
 &#147;Cough syrup abuse typically involves taking codeine-promethazine hydrochloride cough syrup and mixing it with soda
 alcohol
 or candy in a concoction known as &#145;syzurp&#146;
 &#145;syrup&#146;
 or &#145;purple stuff&#146;. The ingredients in this concoction make it very easy to develop an addiction. Experts are worried about the danger of this syrup being such a highly trendy drug drink. It may be socially acceptable
 but there have been many stories of overdoses or people drinking syrup at a party and falling asleep at the wheel when they drive home. As an opiate it is a very addictive substance. Erratic behavior and insomnia
 or an inability to sleep without syrup are the warning signs of needing addiction treatment. Common side effects include confusion
 dizziness
 double or blurred vision
 slurred speech
 impaired physical coordination
 abdominal pain
 nausea and vomiting
 rapid heart beat
 drowsiness
 numbness of fingers and toes
 and disorientation. The effects typically last for 6 hours. More serious effects include elevated blood pressure
 fainting
Since the CEO of the company is a 16 year plus veteran licensed-registered pharmacist
 he has seen these trends in prescription cough syrup abuse as previously noted; therefore he carefully crafted his brand to cater to all of the cultural demands of those who may have already or could potentially abuse prescription cough syrup by first developing an effective formulation that creates a sense of immediate relaxation and calming effect. A secondary yet very important factor includes appeasing the pallets of niche consumers by creating popular tasty flavors. This is supported by implementing unique branding methods
Houston Chronicle; Published: Oct. 19
Texas State Board of Pharmacy
 Newsletter Volume XXV 
Cough Syrup Abuse By Stacy Barnes | January 26
carbonated beverages
 nonalcoholic: packaged in cans
Estimated number of U.S. establishments: 2
230 Number of people employed in this industry: 111
024 Total annual sales in this industry: $48.9 billion Average number of employees per establishment: 59 Average sales per establishment (unknown values are excluded from the average): $51
2000
Carbonated beverages
 nonalcoholic: packaged in cans
13
The Company competes directly with Roboin
 Drank
 Purple Stuff
 and Sippin&#146; Syrup brand beverages. Each of these products has the same target market
 but the Company intends to differentiate itself by offering a more herbal effective product with more flavor varieties and stronger cultural identification. More importantly
 the Company will provide excellent distributor level support via trained merchandisers and market managers to assist in gaining the niche consumers&#146; attention immediately for rapid brand awareness that will result in faster product turnover. For more information regarding the Company&#146;s competitive advantages
 Dun &amp; Bradstreet
Dewmarhas developed a brand that emphasizes a lifestyle beverage connected with the culture of the Deep South
 but still has national consumer appeal. Aligning its brand with hip-hop and rap culture and celebrity spokespeople
 will resonate with consumers as the &#147;gotta-have&#148; relaxation beverage that can ease the mind and body while displaying a level of confident swagger among peers if seen with the beverage in hand. To increase awareness
 Dewmar will create relationships with distributors
With its brand established
Dewmar sees a unique opportunity in the relaxation beverage market
CEO is a licensed pharmacist and respected community icon
Ownership is highly-educated in business
 marketing
Fast-growing
Trademarked brand name Lean has been repeatedly used throughout the entire United States over the past 10 years or more; this shows that the trademarked name shall already have some limited recognition by our targeted consumers due to this fact. Trademark is under the name of Dewmar International BMC
Purple Stuff (16 ounce aluminum can) multiple flavors which include Classic Grape
 Berry Calming
 Classic Lemon-Lime
 Green Apple; describes themselves as a Pro-Relaxation beverage manufactured by Funktional Beverages Inc. of Spring
ViB - Vacation In a Bottle (12 ounce aluminum bottle) multiple flavors which include Mango Lime
The Happy
 Relaxation Drink
 manufactured by Vacation In a Bottle
 LLC of Austin
MalavaNovocaine (8 ounce aluminum can) one flavor called Tropical Berry; describes themselves as an all-natural
 non-carbonated numbing type of relaxation drink manufactured by Malava Beverages LLC of Newport Beach
Unwind (12 ounce aluminum slim can) three flavors which include Citrus Orange
 that is manufactured by Frontier Beverage Company
 Inc. of Memphis
 that is manufactured by RelaxCo
 Inc. of El Sugundo
Serenity (8.4 ounce aluminum can) has one flavor referred to as a lightly carbonated
 nostalgic cream flavor that is manufactured by Apex Beverage
 LLC of South Hackensack
 that is manufactured by Innovative Beverage Group Holdings
 Inc. of Houston
Koma Unwind (12 ounce aluminum can) comes in four different flavors three of which are coffee-based flavors of Creamy Classic
; manufactured by BeBevCo
 Inc. of Mooresville
Ex Chillout (8.4 ounce aluminum can) whose relaxation drink is advertised as a natural calming drink with Chamomile
 Valerian
 Lemon Balm extracts sweetened with Fruit Up that is manufactured by Ex Drinks
 LLC of Henderson
Mellow Day and Mellow Night (16 ounce plastic bottles) comes in a variety of flavors that includes Peach Mango
 Pomegranate
 Cane Mint Lime
 Melon Agave
 Coconut Banana

 Citrus Vanilla
 and Honeydew Mint; manufactured by Mellow Beverage Company of Venice
The Company will use a variety of advertising channels to increase its exposure among prospective customers. The Company believes that a celebrity spokesperson is essential
s marketing budget will be devoted to posters
 pole signs
 coolers
 racks
 The Company will use radio ads to target listeners who may be interested in the Company&#146;s products. Radio commercial production can be done cost effectively
 community. The website also allows consumers to listen to and watch Lean-related hip hop music and videos and participate in chat rooms
 blogs
 and forums regarding a number of topics of interest to our niche market. The website
 which accounts for 5% of the Company&#146;s budget
 not only serves as a popular form of entertainment
 but also has the capability to generate revenue by providing advertising banner space for sale to businesses seeking advertising opportunities for its target consumer. More importantly
 the website gives consumers the opportunity to order the beverage and promotional items such as clothing
 t-shirts and hats at a nominal fee from anywhere in the U.S. Lastly
The Company will set up pages and profiles on social networking sites including Facebook
 YouTube
 and Twitter
 to name a few
 on behalf of the Lean brand
 with 5% of its budget allotted toward advertising online. Social networking sites are an effective way to benefit from word of mouth on the web
 on Facebook or &#147;follow&#148; the Company&#146;s Twitter feed in order to gain access to special discounts or promotions. Advertising on social networking sites is considered one of the most lucrative ways to generate return on investment (ROI)
 The Company will create a variety billboards advertising
 inclusive of mobile advertising on sales route vehicles such as adhesive vinyl wraps on cargo vans and trucks
 Beverage industry tradeshows are fundamental in notifying potential new distributing partners and retailers
 especially retail chain stores
s presence. The Company will attend a number of annual tradeshows sponsored by national convenience store associations
 international beverage cooperative groups
 and localized distributor organizations several times per year as a major recruiting tool. The Company will also participate in local indoor and outdoor events to support local distributors in bringing consumer awareness to the brand. This includes concerts
 on-campus collegiate tours
 sporting events
s demographic
 as well as potential distributors
 and will account for 2% of its budget. These advertisements will provide information about the Company
 where to shop online
 The Company will use direct sales calls
 presentations
Saleem
 Muhammad. Pronet Advertising. &#147;Social Network Ad Spending and Return on Investment.&#148; May 13
At December 31
 2012
 the Company had 1 employee
 the Company&#146;s officer and director
The Company does carry key person life insurance on CEO/President in the amount of $2 million
 however
 the loss of the services of any of its executive officers or other directors could have a material adverse effect on the business
We rely heavily on our independent distributors
 and this could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably distribute and market our products
Our ability to establish a market for our unique brands and products in new geographic distribution areas
 as well as maintain and expand our existing markets
 is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable independent distributors strategically positioned to serve those areas. Many of our larger distributors sell and distribute competing products
 including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent a small portion of their business. To the extent that our distributors are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 our sales and profitability will be adversely affected. Our ability to maintain our distribution network and attract additional distributors will depend on a number of factors
the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution area
our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those offered by competing products
We cannot ensure that we will be able to meet all or any of these factors in any of our current or prospective geographic areas of distribution. Our inability to achieve any of these factors in a geographic distribution area will have a material adverse affect on our relationships with our distributors in that particular geographic area
 thus limiting our ability to expand our market
Our marketing and sales strategy presently
 and in the future
 will rely on the availability and performance of our independent distributors. We have entered into written agreements with many of our top distributors for varying terms and duration. In addition
 despite the terms of the written agreements with many of our top distributors
 there are no assurances as to the level of performance under those agreements
 or that those agreements will not be terminated early. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover
Because our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us
 we need to carefully manage our inventory levels
Our independent distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. In order to reduce inventory costs
 independent distributors endeavor to order products from us on a &#147;just in time&#148; basis in quantities
 and at such times
 based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area. Accordingly
To manage operations effectively and maintain profitability
 we must continue to improve our operational
 financial and other management processes and systems. Our success also depends largely on our ability to maintain high levels of employee utilization
 to manage our production costs and general and administrative expense
 and otherwise to execute on our business strategy. We need to maintain adequate operational controls and focus as we add new brands and products
 distribution channels
Our future success is dependent
 in a large part
 on retaining the services of our founder
 Dr. Marco Moran
 our President and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. Moran possesses a unique and comprehensive knowledge of our industry. While Dr. Moran has no plans to leave or retire in the near future
 his loss could have a material adverse affect on our operating
 marketing and financial performance
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to retain its key managerial and technical personnel or that it will be able to attract and retain additional highly qualified technical and managerial personnel in the future. The inability to attract and retain the technical and managerial personnel necessary to support the growth of the Company's business
 due to
 among other things
 a large increase in the wages demanded by such personnel
 could have a material adverse effect upon the Company's business
We rely on third-party packers of our products
We do not control and manage the entire manufacturing process of our products
 we do not own the plant and equipment required to manufacture and package our beverage products and do not anticipate having such capabilities in the future. As a consequence
 we depend on third-parties and contract packers to produce our beverage products and to deliver them to distributors. Our ability to attract and maintain effective relationships with contract packers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to the achievement of successful operations within each distribution area. Currently
 competition for contract packers&#146; business is tight
 especially in the western United States
 and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement packers
 or to locate back-up contract packers
 in our various distribution areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our packers. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain our economic relationships with current contract packers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract packers
 whether in existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract packers for a distribution area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce profits realized from the sale of our products in that area. In addition
 poor relations with our contract packers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale
Raw materials for our products include concentrate
 glass
 labels
 caps and packaging materials. Currently
 we purchase our flavor concentrate from a flavoring house we believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials
 which are available from multiple suppliers
 and that in general we maintain good supplier relationships. The price of our concentrate is determined by our flavor houses and us
 and may be subject to change. Prices for the remaining raw materials are generally determined by the market
 and may change at any time. Increases in prices for any of these raw materials could have an adverse impact on our profitability and financial position. If we are unable to continue to find adequate suppliers for our raw materials on economic terms acceptable to us
Our inability to protect our trademarks
Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 patents
 copyrights and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property
 particularly our trademarks
 patent and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination of trademark
 patent
 and trade secrecy laws
 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. We have obtained certain trademarks and are pursuing the registration of additional trademarks in the United States
 Canada and internationally. There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not infringe or misappropriate our trademarks
 trade secrets (including our flavor concentrate trade secrets) or similar proprietary rights. In addition
 there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse affect on our ability to market or sell our brands
Our capital needs in the future will depend upon factors such as market acceptance of our products and any other new products we launch
 the success of our independent distributors and our production
The Company does not currently have the financial resources to expand its existing operations and to fully implement its business strategy. Absent raising additional capital or entering into joint venture agreements
 it will not be able to fully implement its business strategy. This could limit the size of the business. There is no assurance that capital will be available in the future to the Company or that capital will be available under terms acceptable to the Company. The Company will need to raise additional money
 either through the sale of equity securities (which could dilute the existing stockholders' interest)
 through the entering of joint venture agreements (which
 while limiting the Company&#146;s risk
 could reduce its ownership interest in particular assets)
Additional capital could be obtained from a combination of funding sources
 many of which could have a material adverse affect on the Company&#146;s business
 results of operations and financial condition. These potential funding sources and the potential adverse affects attributable thereto
 &nbsp;borrowings from financial institutions
 which may subject the Company to certain restrictive covenants
 &nbsp;debt offerings
 &nbsp;additional offerings of equity securities
 &nbsp;cash flow from operating activities
s ability to raise additional capital will depend on the results of operations and the status of various capital and industry markets at the time such additional capital is sought. Accordingly
 capital may not become available to the Company from any particular source or at all. Even if additional capital becomes available
 it may not be on terms acceptable to the Company. Failure to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms may have a material adverse affect on the Company&#146;s business
The Beverage industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 development of new products and flavors
 and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
 most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing
Consumers are seeking greater variety in their beverages. Our future success will depend
 in part
 upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages. In order to retain and expand our market share
 we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages and be competitive in the areas of quality and health
We compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
Our business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our targeted consumers
 between the ages of 15 and 35. In addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth rather than reduce distributors&#146; existing beverage sales. Although we believe that we have been relatively successful towards establishing our brands as recognizable brands in the Alternative beverage industry
Although we have product liability insurance in amounts we believe are adequate
 we cannot assure that the coverage will be sufficient to cover any or all product liability claims. To the extent our product liability coverage is insufficient; a product liability claim would likely have a material adverse affect upon our financial condition. In addition
 any product liability claim successfully brought against us may materially damage the reputation of our products
The production
 marketing and sale of our unique beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus adversely affecting our financial conditions and operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
In August 2012
 the Company received a letter from the SEC indicating it was abandoning the comment process on the company&#146;s previously filed 8K/A and December 31
The Company leases space at 132 E. Northside Dr. Suite C Clinton
 MS 39056 and at 811 Town &amp; Country Blvd in Houston
 TX. &nbsp;&nbsp;Furthermore
 the company maintains an office at 101 Convention Center Dr.
 Suite 700
 Las Vegas
 We believe that these spaces are adequate for our needs at this time
 and we believe that we will be able to locate additional space in the future
 if needed
The Company is aggressively defending itself in all of the below proceedings. The Company&#146;s management believes the likelihood of future liability to the Company for these contingencies is remote
 and the Company has not recorded any liability for these legal proceedings at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011. While the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company&#146;s management believes that losses
 if any
 resulting from the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations
During January 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Corey Powell
 in Ascension Parish
 LA 23rd Judicial District Court. Corey Powell was a former distributor of LEAN
 a relaxation beverage marketed by DSD. Powell filed suit to recover allegedly unpaid commissions
On February 14
 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Charles Moody
 in Caddo Parish
 LA First Judicial Court seeking in excess of $100
000 in damages. Charles Moody loaned DSD approximately $63
000 in June 2009. In exchange
 Moody received a Promissory Note containing the terms and conditions of the repayment of the loan. Based upon the understanding of the parties
 DSD began making monthly payments to Moody in January 2010 in satisfaction of the loan. In December 2010
 final payment of the remaining balance of the loan was paid to Moody in full and final satisfaction of the Promissory Note. Moody filed suit to recover &#147;late fees&#148; allegedly owed under the Promissory Note. DSD contends the Promissory Note was satisfied with the final payment in December 2010; Moody contends that repayment should have begun in November 2009
 and that because it did not
 late fees are owed. This matter was settled for a payment of $8
000 by DSD on July 27
On November 9
 2011
 Charles Moody and DeWayne McKoy filed a claim against DSD and Marco Moran
 CEO
 in Bossier Parish
 LA 26th Judicial Court. Charles Moody and Dewayne McKoy
 allegedly both shareholders of DSD
 brought an action against Dr. Moran alleging that he engaged in various acts of misconduct and breaches of his fiduciary duties to the corporation which damaged them as minority shareholders. Moody and McKoy also seek damages from Dr. Moran for dilution and/or loss of value of their shareholder interest in DSD as a result of his alleged misconduct. DSD is a nominal defendant in this derivative action
During December 2011
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&#147;IBGH&#148;) filed a claim against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 Unique Beverage Group
 and LLC. and Marco Moran
 CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 TX 61st Judicial District Court
 whereas the plaintiff asserted certain allegations. On February 24
 2012
 the Company filed a motion for summary judgment to dismiss these frivolous allegations due to lack of proper evidence. On April 12
 2012 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc was given written notice of its non-suit without prejudice from Innovative Beverage Group
 Inc. This releases Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. from any and all liability. On June 27
 2012
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&#147;IBGH&#148;) filed the same claims against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 DSD Network of America
 Inc. and Marco Moran CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 Texas 127th Judicial District Court
 whereas plaintiff asserted that the Defendants engaged in various acts of unfair business practices that caused harm to IBGH. The company&#146;s and Marco Moran have filed an Answer and Counterclaim in this matter on October 31
On March 22
 2012 Plaintiff
 DSD NETWORK OF AMERICA
 INC. (hereinafter &#147;DSD&#148;) filed suit against Defendants DeWayne McKoy
 Charles Moody
 Corey Powell and Peter Bianchi in United States District Court; District of Nevada for a combined thirteen claims accusing this group of defendants in colluding against the Company. Answers have been received from McKoy
ITEM 5. &nbsp;MARKET FOR OUR COMMON EQUITY
. Our Common Stock is traded on the OTCBB as of March 14
. As of April 15
 2013
We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
 if any
 is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings
 if any
As a smaller reporting company
 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
Certain statements in this report and elsewhere (such as in other filings by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
 press releases
 presentations by the Company of its management and oral statements) may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, and should, and variations of these words and similar expressions
 are intended to identify these forward-looking statements. Actual results may materially differ from any forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include
 among others
 competitive pressures and constantly changing technology and market acceptance of the Company's products and services. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements
Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012 compared to December 31
Revenue is presented net of sales allowances. Net revenue decreased $838
630
 or 61.7%
 to $520
874 from $1
359
504 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. This decrease was primarily due to overall decrease in business activities
Cost of goods sold decreased $302
605
 or 59.1%
 to $209
278 from $511
883 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
Operating expenses increased $3
369
102 or 332%
 to $4
385
056 from $1
015
954 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The overall increase in operating expenses results primarily from issuances of preferred stock valued at $3
150
000 to Dr. Moran for services rendered and other stock based compensation of $475
Marketing and advertising costs decreased $87
452
 or 75%
 to $28
550 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 as compared to $116
002 for the year ended December 31
Contract labor costs decreased to $145
037 from $358
792 for the years December 31
 2012 and 2011
For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recognized interest expense of $23
764 and $43
066
 respectively. &nbsp;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 amortization of debt discount associated with the creation of derivative liabilities totaled $17
282 as compared to $0 for the year ended December 31
Our net loss for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $4
120
571 as compared to a net income of $36
007 for the year ended December 31
 2011. &nbsp;&nbsp;The increase in net loss is attributable to the increases in expenses and the decrease in revenue
Years ended December 31
 2012 as compared to December 31
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recognized negative cash flows from operating activities of ($193
118) and ($91
104)
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012
 the Company held cash and cash equivalents of $38
388 compared to cash of $91
506 at December 31
Cash used in investing activities totaled $0 and $7
850 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Cash used in investing activities consisted of purchases of property and equipment and advances to a related party. Cash provided by (used in) financing activities totaled $140
000 and ($13
373) for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and consisted of proceeds received from convertible notes and payments made on notes payable during the year ended December 31
The Company is dependent upon obtaining adequate financing to enable it to pursue its business plan and manage its operations for profitability. The Company has limited financial resources available
 which has had an adverse impact on the Company's liquidity
 activities and operations. These limitations have adversely affected the Company's ability to obtain certain projects and pursue additional business. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to raise sufficient funding to enhance the Company's financial resources sufficiently to generate volume for the Company
 or to engage in any significant research and development
The Company as a whole may continue to operate at a loss for an indeterminate period thereafter
 depending upon the performance of its new businesses. In the process of carrying out its business plan
 the Company will continue to identify new financial partners and investors. However
 it may determine that it cannot raise sufficient capital to support its business on acceptable terms
 or at all. Accordingly
&nbsp;On January 15
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on September 17
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 48% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $50
000
 with $3
On February 19
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $32
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on November 21
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 55% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $30
000
 with $2
We do not have any commitments
 which are required to be disclosed in tabular form as of December 31
As of December 31
 2012 we have no off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantees
 retained or contingent interest in assets transferred
In preparing our consolidated financial statements
 we make estimates
 assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on our operating income and net income as well as on the value of certain assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. The application of our critical accounting policies requires an evaluation of a number of complex criteria and significant accounting judgments by us. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. Senior management has discussed the development
The Company recognizes revenue when the product is received by and title passes to the customer. The Company&#146;s standard terms are &#145;FOB&#146; destination. If a customer receives any product that they consider damaged or unacceptable
We record estimates for reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentives
 including price discounts
 volume-based incentives
The Company&#146;s cost of goods sold includes all costs of beverage production
 which primarily consist of raw materials such as concentrate
 aluminum cans
 trays
 shrink wrap
 can ends
 labels and packaging materials. Additionally
 costs incurred for shipping
As a smaller reporting company
 as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
See the index to the Financial Statements below
An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) in effect as of December 31
 2012 was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer who also performs the functions of the principal financial officer. Based upon that evaluation
 the Chief Executive Officer (acting in that capacity and also as the Company&#146;s principal financial officer) concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. It should be noted
 however
 that because of inherent limitations
 any system of internal controls
 however well-designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 but not absolute
 assurance that financial reporting objectives will be met. In addition
An internal control material weakness is a significant deficiency
 or combination of significant deficiencies
 that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by employees in the normal course of their work. Our Chief Executive Officer
 also performing the functions of the principal financial officer
 conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organization of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). Based on that evaluation under the COSO criteria
 our management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
There were no changes in the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation referred to above during the last quarter of fiscal 2012 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
The following table sets forth information concerning our officers and directors as of December 31
November 29
 2007
March 19
Marco Moran
 CEO
 President
 Secretary
 CFO
 Treasurer
 Director
As Chief Executive Officer Marco Moran is responsible for product oversight
 research and development
 quality control
 strategic planning
 and sales and marketing efforts. He also provides leadership to the Company
 as well as developing its strategic plan to advance its mission and objectives
 and to promote revenue
 profitability
 and growth. Dr. Moran also oversees Company operations to insure production efficiency
 quality
 service
In 2008
 he began Unique Beverage Group
 LLC
 where he branded his first beverage and learned how to take a product to market
 leading him to develop his current enterprise Dr. Moran was previously a Pharmacist for several years throughout the Southeastern Region of the United States
 practicing pharmacy in up to 5 states. From 2007 to 2008 he served in this role for Mississippi Baptist Health System
 preceded by one year with Accredo Nova Factor as its Pharmacist and Project Manager in Memphis
 TN. From 2004 to 2006
 Dr. Moran was employed in the same capacity for River Region Medical Center in Vicksburg
 Mississippi
 where he managed Six Sigma project teams to assist administration in meeting annual corporate financial objectives. He also owned the financial services firm Wiser Tax Pros. During his first two years as a business owner he also worked for CVS Pharmacy in Mobile and Tuscaloosa
 AL. Dr. Moran began his career as the Director of Pharmacy and Regulatory Affairs for INO Therapeutics
 Inc. in Port Allen
 Louisiana. He served as a Graduate Assistant and Instructor during his MBA studies
 and previously served at the U.S. Naval Hospital in Camp Lejeune
 North Carolina as a Medical Service Corp Officer and Pharmacist. Dr. Moran holds graduate degrees in Business Administration and Pharmaceutical Science from the University of Louisiana at Monroe
 and was briefly a law student at the West Coast School of Law before becoming a full-time entrepreneur. Dr. Moran has expanded his pharmaceutical formulation experience by completing basic and advanced training as a Professional Compounding Centers of America (PCCA) Compounding in Houston
 TX and as a trained American Colleges of the Apothecaries Compounding Specialist in Memphis
 TN. Dr. Moran has completed various extensive training in New York and California through BevNet Live Entrepreneur School annually since 2009
 inclusive of branding
 packaging
Mr. Kevin M. Murphy
Mr. Murphy
 age 62
 is an international consultant
 with many years of executive management experience in corporate reorganization
 finance
 administration
 and new business development. He has served on the Board of Directors of several companies. Mr. Murphy serves as President and CEO of Wannigan Capital Corp. and as President and Director of Convenientcast
 Inc. (formerly Wannigan Ventures/PC 9-11
 Inc/iAudioCampus.com). Mr. Murphy also serves as President and CEO of Silver Mountain Mines and Aldar Group Inc.
 a fully reporting public company (symbol ALDJ
 OTC BB). He is also President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Greenleaf Forum International
 Inc.
 a private investment banking firm. Mr. Murphy became CEO and Chairman of the Board of Absolute Future.Com
 Inc. on August 15
 2001. He applied for reorganization for Absolute Future.Com through the Federal Bankruptcy Courts January 31
 2002. Mr. Murphy filed Bankruptcy in June of 2001. He is CEO and President of a private company
 Neighborhood Choices
 Inc.
 in the International Domain registration and resale industry. He is CEO and President of Evergreen Firewood
 Inc.
 a private company in the Alternate Fuel industry. Mr. Murphy is an alumnus of the University of California (UCLA)
 Los Angeles School of Economics and the California State University (CSULA) at Los Angeles's School of Business
Dr. Derrick Brooks
&nbsp;Derrick D. Brooks
 Sr.
 M.D.
 age 39
 is a medical physician whose primary role is to serve as a licensed healthcare profession and medical liaison to assist the company in reviewing opportunities in developing new products that assist in mood enhancement
 which proves worthy to major retailers
New Orleans
New Orleans
As we only have three board members and given our limited operations
 we do not have separate or independent audit or compensation committees. Our Board of Directors has determined that it does not have an &#147;audit committee financial expert
&#148; as that term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. In addition
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our Common Stock (collectively
 the &#147;Reporting Persons&#148;) to report their ownership of and transactions in our Common Stock to the SEC. Copies of these reports are also required to be supplied to us. To our knowledge
 during the fiscal year ended December 31
Marco Moran

 Sec.
120
$3
150
3
270
Treas
 Dir
 CFO
120
120
&#147;*&#148; During 2012
 $13
000 was paid and $107
** During 2011
 $20
000 was paid and $100
On January 1
 2011
 the Company entered into employment agreement with Dr. Moran (&#147;Employee&#148;) to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The employment commenced on January 1
 2011 and runs for the period through January 1
 2015. The Company will pay Employee
 as consideration for services rendered
 a base salary of $120
As additional compensation
 Employee is eligible to receive one percent of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company if the gross revenues hit specified milestones for each fiscal year under the agreement. The Company will provide additional benefits to Employee during the employment term which include
 but are not limited to
 health and life insurance benefits
 vacation pay
 expense reimbursement
 relocation reimbursement and a Company car. The Company may also include Employee in any benefit plans which it now maintains or establishes in the future for executives. If Employee dies
 the Company will pay the designated beneficiary an amount equal to two years&#146; compensation
In the event Employee&#146;s employment is constructively terminated within five years of the commencement date
 Employee shall receive a termination payment
 which will be determined according to a schedule based upon the number of years since the commencement of the contract
 within a range of $120
000 to $400
000. Additionally
 Employee shall continue to receive the additional benefits mentioned above for a period of two years from the termination date. If the constructive termination date is later than five years after the commencement date
 Employee shall receive the lesser amount of an amount equal to his aggregate base salary for five years following the date of the termination date
 or an amount equal to his aggregate base salary through the end of the term. Additionally
On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667 which resulted in recognition of loss on settlement of accrued salaries of $16
667 for the difference in the amount of accrued salary and the fair market value of the shares issued. &nbsp;As of the issuance of this data
On December 6
 2012
 the Company agreed to issue 50
000
000 shares of Class A Preferred stock to Dr. Moran for services rendered. &nbsp;The holders of the preferred stock shall be entitled to participate in dividends upon board approval and do not get liquidation preferences. &nbsp;The shares are convertible into 10 shares of common stock. &nbsp;Based on this
 the Company determined the fair market value of the preferred shares to be equal to $3
150
We do not currently pay any cash fees to our directors
The following table sets forth certain information as of December 31
 2012 regarding the number and percentage of our Common Stock (being our only voting securities) beneficially owned by each officer
 director
 each person (including any &#147;group&#148; as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to own 5% or more of our Common Stock
Name
Marco Moran
 President
 CEO
40
000
40
000
1. The address of each executive officer and director is 132 E. Northside Dr. Suite C Clinton
2. As used in this table
 &#147;beneficial ownership&#148; means the sole or shared power to vote
 or to direct the voting of
 a security
 or the sole or share investment power with respect to a security (i.e.
 the power to dispose of
3. Dr. Moran also owns 50
000
000 shares of preferred stock which are convertible into common shares at a 10 to 1 ratio
4. On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667 which resulted in recognition of loss on settlement of accrued salaries of $16
667 for the difference in the amount of accrued salary and the fair market value of the shares issued. &nbsp;As of the issuance of this data
Unless otherwise indicated
 we have been advised that all individuals or entities listed have the sole power to vote and dispose of the number of shares set forth opposite their names. For purposes of computing the number and percentage of shares beneficially owned by a security holder
 any shares which such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31
 2012 are deemed to be outstanding
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Our Board of Directors consists solely of Marco Moran
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company engaged with a distributor that is wholly-owned by the Company&#146;s CEO (the &#147;Distributor&#148;). The Distributor is responsible for shipping out product samples
 transferring small quantities of product to local distributors at the request of the Company
 sales of product to local retailers or small wholesalers and for the fulfillment of online sales orders. The Company may withdraw cases of product from the Distributor at the Company&#146;s will for Company use
The Distributor pays the Company on a per case basis which is consistent with terms between the Company and third party distributors. Since the Company uses a substantial amount of the Distributor&#146;s inventory as samples and promotions
 the Company offers the Distributor credit terms of &#147;on consignment.&#148; During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recognized revenue from product sales to the Distributor of $14
240 and $13
162
 respectively
 which represented 2.7% and 0.97% respectively
 of total product revenue recognized by the Company. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 accounts receivable from the Distributor was $6
329 and $3
At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company had outstanding accounts receivable of $8
932 and $5
603
 respectively
During the period beginning February 2011 through April 2011
 the Company advanced $49
484 to a company owned by the CEO&#146;s wife. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the company had repaid $40
152 of these advances resulting in outstanding advances due of $9
During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company purchased two used vehicles from companies owned by the CEO for a total of $7
850. There were no such purchases from related parties in the year ended December 31
During the period ended November 30
 2011
 the Company received a related party loan from a company majority owned by the CEO and of which the CEO was the sole officer and director in the amount of $38
800. On March 7
 2012
 the Company issued 438
000 restricted shares of common stock to settle the $38
800 advances from third parties that were outstanding at December 31
During 2011
 the Company paid consulting and research related fees on behalf of High Margins
 Inc. another company owned by the CEO. Amounts receivable at December 31
 2012 was $4
During 2012
 the Company made payments of $9
McConnell &amp; Jones
(a) On December 27
 2011
 Board of Directors of the Registrant dismissed Child
 Van Wagoner and Bradshaw
 PLLC
 its independent registered public accounting firm. On the same date
 December 27
 2011
 the accounting firm of McConnell &amp; Jones
 LLP was engaged as the Registrant&#146;s new independent registered public account firm. The Board of Directors of the Registrant approved of the dismissal of Child
 Van Wagoner and Bradshaw
 PLLC and the engagement of McConnell &amp; Jones
 LLP as its independent auditor. None of the reports of Child
 Van Wagoner and Bradshaw
 PLLC on the Company&#146;s financial statements for either of the past two years or subsequent interim period contained an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion
 or was qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope or accounting principles
b) On December 27
 2011
 the Registrant engaged McConnell &amp; Jones
 LLP as its independent accountant. During the two most recent fiscal years and the interim periods preceding the engagement
 the registrant has not consulted McConnell &amp; Jones
The aggregate fees billed by McConnell &amp; Jones
 LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements on Forms 10-K and 10Q or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings (including 8-K for reverse merge financial statements and SEC comments) were $29
000 and $10
000 for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.The aggregate fees billed by Child
 Van Wagoner and Bradshaw
 PLLC for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q or services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings were $5
400 for the fiscal year ended December 31
 The following financial statements and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
Consolidated Statements of Operations the years ended December 31
 Deficit the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
Consolidated Statements of Operations the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#146; Deficit for the years ended December 31
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
Dewmar International BMC
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 shareholders' equity (deficit)
We conducted our audits in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal controls over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal controls over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 3 of the financial statements
 the Company has incurred losses
 has negative operational cash flows and its operating results are subject to numerous factors
 including fluctuation in the cost of raw materials
/s/ McConnell &amp; Jones
Houston
April 12
DEWMAR INTERNATIONAL BMC
December 31
December 31
38
91
Account receivables
32
113
13
5
9
9
27
58
11
11
132
289
Property &amp; equipment
12
16
145
305
492
462
3
38
199
Notes payable
 net of unamortized discount of $36
028 and $-
166
39
900
501
900
501
&nbsp; Preferred Stock; $0.001 par value; 50
000
000 shares authorized; 50
000
000 and - issued and outstanding
50
&nbsp; Common stock; $0.001 par value; 450
000
000 shares authorized
 66
182
000 and 58
495
000 shares issued and outstanding
66
58
3
525
22
(4
397
(276
(755
(196
145
305
DEWMAR INTERNATIONAL BMC
December 31
December 31
Revenue
520
1
359
209
511
311
847
31
32
28
116
4
179
508
145
358
4
385
1
015
(4
073
(168
(23
(43
(18
(5
247
(47
204
(4
120
36
59
904
40
000
DEWMAR INTERNATIONAL BMC
Balance
 December 31
40
000
40
(39
(199
(199
17
195
17
(22
(5
50
4
4
(313
(313
1
250
1
80
81
236
236
Balance
 December 31
58
495
58
22
(276
(196
2
300
2
336
339
50
000
50
3
100
3
150
438
43
43
3
3
4
4
4
949
4
1
6
13
13
(4
120
(4
120
Balance December 31
50
000
$50
66
182
$66
$3
525
$(4
397
$(755
DEWMAR INTERNATIONAL BMC
December 31
December 31
(4
120
36
34
3
3
3
625
4
17
6
18
5
(247
80
(29
(7
(4
31
(58
(5
147
170
(193
(95
(7
(7
(9
25
140
42
(72
140
(13
(53
(117
&nbsp; Cash and cash equivalents
91
208
&nbsp; Cash and cash equivalents
38
91
50
43
43
4
6
81
57
17
53
13
3
DEWMAR INTERNATIONAL BMC
DECEMBER 31
On October 28
 2011
 pursuant to an Exchange Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;)
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (fka Convenientcast
 Inc.) the &#147;Company&#148;)
 a publicly reporting Nevada corporation
 acquired DSD Network of America
 Inc. (&#147;DSD&#148;)
 a Nevada corporation
 in exchange for the issuance of 40
000
000 shares of common stock of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (the &#147;Exchange Shares&#148;)
 a majority of the common stock
 to the former owners of DSD. In conjunction with the Merger
For financial accounting purposes
 this acquisition (referred to as the &#147;Merger&#148;) was a reverse acquisition of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. by DSD and was treated as a recapitalization. Accordingly
 the financial statements were prepared &nbsp;giving retroactive effect of the reverse acquisition completed on October 28
 2011
As of the time of the Merger
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. held minimal assets and was a developmental stage company. Following the Merger
 the Company
 through DSD
 is a manufacturer of its Lean Slow Motion Potion&#153; brand relaxation beverage
 which was launched by DSD in September of 2009. After the Merger
The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and DSD
Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit and money market accounts
 which are readily convertible into cash and purchased with original maturities of three months or less. These investments are carried at cost
The Company maintains its cash in institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;). Beginning December 31
 2010 through December 31
 2012
 all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts are fully insured
 regardless of the balance of the account
 at all FDIC-insured institutions. This unlimited insurance coverage is separate from
 and in addition to
 the insurance coverage provided to the depositor&#146;s other accounts held by a FDIC-insured institution
 which are insured for balances up to $250
000 per depositor until December 31
 2013. At December 31
The Company&#146;s trade accounts receivable are typically collected within 60-120 days from the date of sale. The Company monitors its exposure to losses on trade accounts receivable and maintains an allowance for potential losses and adjustments. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on the evaluation of the aging of accounts receivable and detailed analysis of high-risk customers&#146; accounts
 and the overall market and economic conditions of its customers. Past due trade accounts receivable balances are written off when the Company&#146;s collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. At December 31
 2012 and 2011 the allowance for doubtful accounts was $0 and $34
634
Inventory costs are determined principally by the use of the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) costing method and are stated at the lower of cost or market
Leasehold improvements
 property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for property acquisitions
 development
 construction
 improvements and major renewals are capitalized. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Depreciation is provided principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which are generally 3 to 10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term
 which generally includes reasonably assured option periods
 or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset
The Company analyzes its convertible notes in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 470-20 and Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging. If it is determined that the conversion feature is convertible to a variable number of shares
 then the Company determines whether it is subject to the Derivatives and Hedging guidance in ASC Topic 815-20. Upon conclusion that it is within the guidance in Topic 815-20
 the conversion feature is separated from the host contract and it is accounted for as a derivative instrument with its fair value estimated at every balance sheet date. &nbsp;Any change in the fair market value of the derivative
 results in a gain or loss on derivative liability in the Company&#146;s statement of operations. &nbsp;If any conversions of the original note occur prior to the settlement of the obligation
The Company recognizes revenue when the product is received by and title passes to the customer. The Company&#146;s standard terms are &#145;FOB&#146; destination. If a customer receives any product that they consider damaged or unacceptable
We record estimates for reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentives
 including price discounts
 volume-based incentives
The Company&#146;s cost of goods sold includes all costs of beverage production
 which primarily consist of raw materials such as concentrate
 aluminum cans
 trays
 shrink wrap
 can ends
 labels and packaging materials. Additionally
 costs incurred for shipping
The Company recognizes advertising expense as incurred. The Company recognized advertising expense of $28
549 and $116
002 the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
The Company accounts for its income taxes using the liability method
The Company&#146;s federal and state income tax returns for the years ended 2009 through 2011 are open to examination. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company evaluated its open tax years in all known jurisdictions. Based on this evaluation
The Company&#146;s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivables and payables
Level 1 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets at the measurement date for identical
Level 2 - Other inputs that are observable
 directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
The Company recognizes all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of Company stock options to Company employees
 as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements
 in the financial statements based on the grant date fair value of the awards. Compensation expense is generally recognized over the vesting period. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
In May 2011
 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for common fair value measurement. These amendments
 effective for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is prohibited)
 result in common definition of fair value and common requirements for measurement of and disclosure requirements between US GAAP and IFRS. Consequently
In June 2011
 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for presentation of comprehensive income. This guidance
 effective retrospectively for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is permitted)
 requires presentation of total comprehensive income
 the components of net income
In December 2011
 the FASB deferred an effective date for amendments issued in June 2011 that relate to the presentation of reclassifications of items out of accumulated other comprehensive income. All other requirements in ASU issued in June 2011 are not affected
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has incurred net losses. The Company also had negative working capital. The Company&#146;s operating results are subject to numerous factors
 including fluctuation in the cost of raw materials
Management&#146;s plan
 in this regard
Inventory at December 31
 2012 consisted of raw materials of $11
197 and finished goods of $15
898. &nbsp;Inventory at December 31
 2011 consisted of finished goods in the amounts of $58
162.&nbsp;During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded spoilage of $908 and $11
837
Fixed assets consisted of the following as of December 31
December 31
December 31
21
21
(8
(5
Fixed assets
12
16
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 was $3
570 and $3
337
 respectively
On August 3
 2009
 the Company executed an agreement (&#147;Note Agreement&#148;) with an unrelated entity that subsequently became one of the Company&#146;s distributors
 (&#147;Unrelated Distributor&#148;)
 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company&#146;s suppliers by the agreement holder. The Unrelated Distributor made direct payments to suppliers for all raw materials purchased from August 2009 through February 2010. The Note Agreement set forth that interest was payable at a rate of $2.00 per case for all product sold to distributors within the state of Texas and $2.50 per case for all product sold to distributors outside the state of Texas. The Company also agreed that any product purchased by the agreement holder may be charged against any outstanding interest payments owed. As of December 31
 2011
 the principle and interest amounts due under the agreement were $328
656
 and were due on demand. On December 30
 2011
 the Company and the unrelated third party agreed to exchange the principle and interest amounts due under the agreement for 1
250
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 valued at $81
250. The Company recognized a $247
On April 28
 2010
 the Company executed a promissory note for $13
305 with Regions Bank. The loan is secured by the Company vehicle and requires monthly payments in the amount of $1
On August 30
 2012
 the Company entered a second Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Asher for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $42
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on June 4
 2013. $40
000 was funded on September 13
 2012 with $2
In October
 2012
 the Company entered into a 10% Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Birr Marketing Group
 Inc. for $20
000 with a due date of April 1
 2013. After the due date of April 1
 2013
In November
 2012
 the Company entered into an 8% third Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Asher for $30
000 which is due together with any unpaid accrued interest on August 29
Subsequent to December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two vendors with balances of $56
500 of accounts payable. &nbsp;&nbsp;The notes payable are due on demand and bear no interest. &nbsp;At December 31
 2012
On June 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $32
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on March 29
 which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with no floor stated in the conversion feature. In July 2012
 this convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $30
000
 with $2
500 being recorded as legal fees for amounts held by note holder. The Company analyzed the note on the date on which the contingent conversion feature was settled on December 24
 2012. &nbsp;The Company determined that the variable conversion price results in need of bifurcation of the conversion feature into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value. &nbsp;On December 24
 2012
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $25
209. &nbsp;The Company recorded a discount of $25
209. &nbsp;Through December 31
 2012
 the Company amortized $1
858 into interest expense based on the term of the note. At December 31
 2012
 the Company revalued the derivative liability and determined that the fair market value was $19
515 so therefore recorded a gain on derivative liability of $5
On September 6
 2012
 the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note with Continental Equities
 LLC
 a New York limited liability corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $21
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on June 15
 2013. $20
000 of the proceeds was funded directly to the company while $1
500 was recorded as legal expense for funds held by the note holder. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option beginning on the date of the note at a variable conversion price calculated as 55% of the market price which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with the only mention of a &#147;share cap&#148; is that the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion would not exceed 4.99% of the outstanding shares of the company at the time of conversion. Since the number of shares outstanding at any future date is undetermined by the Company
 the Company determined that the conversion feature in this note qualified as an &#147;embedded derivative
&#148; and therefore separated the conversion feature from the host contract and estimated the fair market value at inception to be $34
119. As a result
 the Company recorded a discount on the original note of $21
500 and recorded an immediate loss of $12
619. At December 31
 2012
 the Company amortized into interest expense $8
844 leaving an unamortized discount associated with the convertible note of $12
656. At September 30
 2012
 the fair market value of the derivative liability was determined to be $5
887 which resulted in a net gain on derivative liability of $15
613. The Company re-valued the derivative liability at December 31
 2012 and determined the fair market value to be $19
515; therefore a loss on the derivative liability was recorded of $13
627. &nbsp;The Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability using Black Scholes with the following main assumptions: (1) conversion price at December 31
 2012 of $0.0037; (2) volatility at December 31
 2012 of 348%%
On October 16
 2012
 the Company entered into a 12% Convertible Promissory Note of $6
581 with Magna Corporation for the settlement of an existing trade payable of $4
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on September 24
 2013. &nbsp;At inception
 $2
081 was recorded as a loss on settlement of accounts payable. &nbsp;This note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible at a 50% discount to market on the lowest three trading days prior to conversion. &nbsp;The Company evaluated the conversion feature and determined that it met the conditions for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability. &nbsp;The Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $11
355 at inception. &nbsp;As such
 the Company recorded an initial discount to the face value of the note of $6
581 with an immediate loss on derivative liability of $4
On October 16
 2012
 Magna exercised its conversion option to convert $1
500 of the principle of the note into 1
153
846 of common stock. &nbsp;As such
 the Company accelerated $1
500 of the discount into interest expense. &nbsp;The Company determined that the fair market value of the derivative liability on the date of the conversion had not changed materially
 so no further gain or loss was recorded. &nbsp;The pro-rata portion of the derivative liability associated with the converted portion of the note of $2
On November 7
 2012
 conversion option to convert $3
.000 of the principle of the note into 1
714
286 of common stock &nbsp;As such the Company accelerated $3
000 of the discount into interest expense. &nbsp;The Company determined that the fair market value of the remaining derivative liability on the date of the conversion was $6
867 and therefore recorded a gain on derivative liability of $1
900. &nbsp;After conversion the pro-rata portion of the derivative liability associated with the converted portion of the note of $3
On November 20
 2012
 Magna exercised its 3rd conversion option to convert the remaining balance of $2
081 into 2
081
250 shares of common stock. &nbsp;As such the Company accelerated the remaining $2
081 of the discount into interest expense. &nbsp;The Company determined that the fair market value of the derivative liability on the date of the conversion was $8
143; therefore a loss of $4
407 was recorded. &nbsp;After the conversion
 remaining balance of $8
As of December 31
 2012
No provision for federal income taxes has been recognized for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
Significant components of the Company&#146;s deferred tax liabilities and assets as of December 31
December 31
December 31
188
26
188
26
(188
(26
The Company has provided a full valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized. &nbsp;&nbsp;At December 31
 2012
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $553
Year ended December 31
(1
400
(26
1
239
161
26
On September 18
 2012
 the Company increased the authorized number of shares to 500
000
000
 with 450
000
000 being common shares and 50
000
On March 15
 2013
 the Company increased the authorized number of shares to 2
500
000
000
 with 2
450
000
000 being common shares and 50
000
On December 6
 2012
 the Company agreed to issue 50
000
000 shares of Class A Preferred stock to Dr. Moran for services rendered. &nbsp;The holders of the preferred stock shall be entitled to participate in dividends upon board approval and do not get liquidation preferences. &nbsp;The shares are convertible into 10 shares of common stock. &nbsp;Based on this
 the Company determined the fair market value of the preferred shares to be equal to $3
150
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement to issue 438
000 shares of common stock in exchange for release of a related party receivable of $38
800. &nbsp;The fair market value of the shares issued was $43
800; therefore the Company recorded a $5
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company exchanged 300
000 shares of restricted common stock for consulting services. The value was determined using the market value of the shares issued which was $39
000 resulting in an Additional Paid in Capital amount of $38
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a two consulting agreements with the commitment to issue a total of 110
000 shares at the signing of the agreement in April 2012. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the shares had not been issued
 but the Company recorded a common stock payable with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation for $15
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 2
000
000 shares at the signing of the agreement in April 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the shares had been issued
 and the Company recorded stock based compensation in the amount of $300
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 5
000
000 common shares upon execution of the agreement. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the shares have not been issued and the Company recorded a common stock payable with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation for $13
On October 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a twelve month consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 10
000
000 shares per month. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company owed 20
000
000 shares under this agreement. &nbsp;As such
 the Company recorded a common stock payable for $104
000 equal to the fair market value or trading price of the company&#146;s stock on the last day of the month for November and December 2012
 with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation. &nbsp;See Subsequent Events Note 13
 where 10
000
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company determined that $3
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued a total of 4
949
382 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $6
On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667
 however these shares have not been issued as of the issuance of these financial statements and the $50
000 of accrued salary is still recorded as of December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 a shareholder agreed to issue some of his shares to a third party for services rendered on behalf of the Company. &nbsp;The fair market value of these services totaled $4
On November 7
 2011
 the Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement (&#147;Advisory Agreement&#148;) with an unrelated investment advisory company (the &#147;Advisor&#148;)
 whereas the Advisor agreed to perform certain advisory services in exchange for 50
000 shares
 valued at $4
500 ($0.09 per share)
 of the Company&#146;s common stock
 to be delivered within 10 days after execution of the Advisory Agreement
 in addition to reimbursement by the Company for the $4
500 DTC Application fee. The shares issued pursuant to the Advisory Agreement are restricted shares. The term of the Advisory Agreement commenced on November 7
 2011 and was set to expire upon the Company&#146;s receipt of either an approval or a denial of their DTC Eligibility Request by DTC. On March 14
 2012
 the Company completed the final approved DTC opinion and became DTC eligible on April 26
On December 30
 2011
 the Company issued 1
250
000 restricted shares
 valued at $81
250 ($0.065 per share) to settle its outstanding note payable to an unrelated third party (the &#147;Exchange&#148;). The exchange price was determined to be 50% below the average ten (10) day trading price of the Company&#146;s unrestricted shares of common stock prior to the conversion date. Pursuant to the exchange
 the unrelated third party released the Company from its obligation to repay outstanding principle and interest due
 aggregating $328
656 at the time of the exchange. The Company recognized a $247
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company engaged with a distributor that is wholly-owned by the Company&#146;s CEO (the &#147;Distributor&#148;). The Distributor is responsible for shipping out product samples
 transferring small quantities of product to local distributors at the request of the Company
 sales of product to local retailers or small wholesalers and for the fulfillment of online sales orders. The Company may withdraw cases of product from the Distributor at the Company&#146;s will for Company use
The Distributor pays the Company on a per case basis which is consistent with terms between the Company and third party distributors. Since the Company uses a substantial amount of the Distributor&#146;s inventory as samples and promotions
 the Company offers the Distributor credit terms of &#147;on consignment.&#148; During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 the Company recognized revenue from product sales to the Distributor of $14
240 and $13
162 respectively
 which represented 2.7% and 0.97%
 respectively
 of total product revenue recognized by the Company. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 accounts receivable from the Distributor was $6
329 and $3
000
At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company had outstanding accounts receivable of $8
932 and $5
603
 respectively
 from a company
 Wet &amp; Wild
Prior to December 31
 2011
 the Company advanced $49
484 to a company owned by the CEO&#146;s wife. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 that Company had repaid $40
152 of these advances resulting in outstanding advances due of $9
During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company purchased two used vehicles from companies owned by the CEO for a total of $7
During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company received related party advances from a company majority owned by the CEO and of which the CEO was the sole officer and director in the aggregate amount of $38
800. On March 7
 2012
 the Company issued 438
000 restricted shares of common stock to settle the $38
800 advances from third parties that were outstanding at December 31
During 2011
 the Company paid consulting and research related fees on behalf of High Margins
 Inc. another company owned by the CEO. Amounts receivable at December 31
 2012 was $4
During 2012
 the Company made payments of $9
&nbsp;The Company is aggressively defending itself in all of the below proceedings. The Company&#146;s management believes the likelihood of future liability to the Company for these contingencies is remote
 and the Company has not recorded any liability for these legal proceedings at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011. While the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company&#146;s management believes that losses
 if any
 resulting from the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations
During January 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Corey Powell
 in Ascension Parish
 LA 23rd Judicial District Court. Corey Powell was a former distributor of LEAN
 a relaxation beverage marketed by DSD. Powell filed suit to recover allegedly unpaid commissions
On February 14
 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Charles Moody
 in Caddo Parish
 LA First Judicial Court seeking in excess of $100
000 in damages. Charles Moody loaned DSD approximately $63
000 in June 2009. In exchange
 Moody received a Promissory Note containing the terms and conditions of the repayment of the loan. Based upon the understanding of the parties
 DSD began making monthly payments to Moody in January 2010 in satisfaction of the loan. In December 2010
 final payment of the remaining balance of the loan was paid to Moody in full and final satisfaction of the Promissory Note. Moody filed suit to recover &#147;late fees&#148; allegedly owed under the Promissory Note. DSD contends the Promissory Note was satisfied with the final payment in December 2010; Moody contends that repayment should have begun in November 2009
 and that because it did not
 late fees are owed. This matter was settled for a payment of $8
000 by DSD on July 27
On November 9
 2011
 Charles Moody and DeWayne McKoy filed a claim against DSD and Marco Moran
 CEO
 in Bossier Parish
 LA 26th Judicial Court. Charles Moody and Dewayne McKoy
 allegedly both shareholders of DSD
 brought an action against Dr. Moran alleging that he engaged in various acts of misconduct and breaches of his fiduciary duties to the corporation which damaged them as minority shareholders. Moody and McKoy also seek damages from Dr. Moran for dilution and/or loss of value of their shareholder interest in DSD as a result of his alleged misconduct. DSD is a nominal defendant in this derivative action
During December 2011
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&#147;IBGH&#148;) filed a claim against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 Unique Beverage Group
 and LLC. and Marco Moran
 CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 TX 61st Judicial District Court
 whereas the plaintiff asserted certain allegations. On February 24
 2012
 the Company filed a motion for summary judgment to dismiss these frivolous allegations due to lack of proper evidence. On April 12
 2012 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc was given written notice of its non-suit without prejudice from Innovative Beverage Group
 Inc. This releases Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. from any and all liability. On June 27
 2012
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&#147;IBGH&#148;) filed the same claims against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 DSD Network of America
 Inc. and Marco Moran CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 Texas 127th Judicial District Court
 whereas plaintiff asserted that the Defendants engaged in various acts of unfair business practices that caused harm to IBGH. The company&#146;s and Marco Moran have filed an Answer and Counterclaim in this matter on October 31
On March 22
 2012 Plaintiff
 DSD NETWORK OF AMERICA
 INC. (hereinafter &#147;DSD&#148;) filed suit against Defendants DeWayne McKoy
 Charles Moody
 Corey Powell and Peter Bianchi in United States District Court; District of Nevada for a combined thirteen claims accusing this group of defendants in colluding against the Company. Answers have been received from McKoy
On January 1
 2011
 the Company entered into employment agreement with Dr. Moran (&#147;Employee&#148;) to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The employment commenced on January 1
 2011 and runs for the period through January 1
 2015. The Company will pay Employee
 as consideration for services rendered
 a base salary of $120
As additional compensation
 Employee is eligible to receive one percent of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company if the gross revenues hit specified milestones for each fiscal year under the agreement. The Company will provide additional benefits to Employee during the employment term which include
 but are not limited to
 health and life insurance benefits
 vacation pay
 expense reimbursement
 relocation reimbursement and a Company car. The Company may also include Employee in any benefit plans which it now maintains or establishes in the future for executives. If Employee dies
 the Company will pay the designated beneficiary an amount equal to two years&#146; compensation
In the event Employee&#146;s employment is constructively terminated within five years of the commencement date
 Employee shall receive a termination payment
 which will be determined according to a schedule based upon the number of years since the commencement of the contract
 within a range of $120
000 to $400
000. Additionally
 Employee shall continue to receive the additional benefits mentioned above for a period of two years from the termination date. If the constructive termination date is later than five years after the commencement date
 Employee shall receive the lesser amount of an amount equal to his aggregate base salary for five years following the date of the termination date
 or an amount equal to his aggregate base salary through the end of the term. Additionally
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company incurred $120
000
 and $120
000 in base salary to Dr. Moran
 respectively
 which were included as a component of general and administrative expenses. The Company recorded total accrued payroll to Dr. Moran in the amounts of $390
000 and $333
000
 in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667 which resulted in recognition of loss on settlement of accrued salaries of $16
On December 6
 2012
 the Company issued 50
000
000 shares of Class A Preferred stock to Dr. Moran for services rendered. &nbsp;The shares are convertible into 10 shares of common stock. &nbsp;Based on this
 the Company determined the fair market value of the preferred shares to be equal to $3
150
The Company leased office spaces in Clinton
 MS and Houston
 TX under non-cancelable operating leases during 2012 and 2011. Rent expense was $23
898 and $22
729 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases at December 31
December 31
30
12
12
12
10
78
On March 1
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution and brokerage agreement with Brand Builderz
 USA
 LLC (BBUSA)
 a Limited Liability Company organized under the laws of the State of Maine
 to sell
 market
 manage and assist in distributing products in its designated territory. The Company was to pay a minimum monthly retainer fee until sales commissions reach at least a pre-determined amount for at least two consecutive months. The company will pay commissions of a pre-determined percentage of gross sales collected
 pay an invasion fee of less than one dollar ($1.00) per physical case of product sold within the territory of BBUSA by a third party. Due to breach of contract by BBUSA
 this Agreement was discontinued on May 22
On April 9
 2012
 The Company entered into an agreement with NA Beverages
 LLC
 a Nevada Limited Liability Company (the Consultant)
 to provide advice
 analysis
 sales and recommendations. The Consultant shall be paid at an annual base salary based upon sales performance
 receive a commission of a set percentage of gross sales of all fully paid invoices received from the Consultant&#146;s customers and provide a monthly bonus of up to twenty-five hundred dollars ($2
500) for arranging
 conducting and reporting of meetings with buyers and or similar business related personnel. Either the Company or the Consultant may terminate the agreement with at least thirty (30) says prior written notice with no specific reasons given. This agreement was terminated on August 1
On November 15
 2012
 the Company entered into a business development agreement with Globalization Accelerator
 LLC (&#147;Global XLR&#148;) to assist the company in improving sales and product placement. &nbsp;The Company agreed to provide Global XLR: (i) a commission of 4% of gross sales revenue; (ii) a 4.90% equity stock option at the purchase price of $49
000 if Global XLR generates $3
000
000 of gross revenue within any 12 consecutive month period or less
On July 5
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Hooper Sales Co.
 Inc. a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Arkansas to exclusively sell
 market
On July 5
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Mikeska Distributing Co
 a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Texas to exclusively sell
 market
On July 16
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with New Age Distributing
On October 15
 2012 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Chad Tendrich for general business consulting for a period of 12 months. &nbsp;The Company agreed to deliver 8
500
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation. &nbsp;The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
On October 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agereement with Dash Consulting
 LLCto provide bookkeeping and invoicing consulting for a period of 12 months. As compensation
 the Company agreed to deliver 10
000
000 shares of restricted common stock per month. &nbsp;The Company has accrued the obligation on a monthly basis over the time period the service is rendered. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company has accrued 20
000
000 shares at the total estimated fair market value of $104
000. &nbsp;In January 2013
 the Company issued 10
000
000 shares under this contract. &nbsp;As of March 31
 2013
 shares owed are an additional 30
000
On November 12
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Derrick Brooks to become a medical and healthcare consultant to the Company for a period of 12 months. &nbsp;The Company agreed to deliver 3
000
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation. &nbsp;The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the Consultant. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
On November 15
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Christy Favorite to conduct wellness programs for the Company for a period of 12 months. &nbsp;The Company agreed to deliver 5
000
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the Consultant. &nbsp;As of December 31
 2012
On August 1
 2012
 the Company entered into an investor relations consulting agreement with Empire Relations Group
 Inc. (&#147;Empire&#148;)
 corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company will pay Empire a non-refundable guaranteed consulting fee of $15
000 if Empire introduces the Company to at least $30
000 in capital either through equity investment
 loans
 notes
During January 2013
 the Company issued 31
500
On January 15
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on September 17
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 48% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $50
000
 with $3
On February 19
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $32
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on November 21
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 55% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $30
000
 with $2
On January 11
 2013
 Asher converted $12
000 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 into 3
750
000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0032. &nbsp;After conversion
 a principal balance of $20
On February 1
 2013
 Asher converted an additional $12
100 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 into 5
761
905 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0021. &nbsp;After conversion
 a principal balance of $8
On February 14
 2013
 Asher converted the remaining $8
400 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 together with unpaid interest of $1
300 into 4
850
000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0020. &nbsp;After conversion
 a principal balance of $0 remained on the June 27
On March 6
 2013
 Continental converted $5
000 of its outstanding convertible notes payable entered into in August 2012 into 1
567
398 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0032. &nbsp;After conversion
 a principal balance of $16
In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
Dewmar International BMC
Date: April 15
Marco Moran
In accordance with the Exchange Act
Date: April 15
Marco Moran
 President
 Sec.
 Treasurer and Director











I
 Marco Moran
I have reviewed this annual report of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. for the period ended December 31
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The Registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design of operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: &nbsp;April 15
 2013











I
 Marco Moran
I have reviewed this annual report of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. for the period ended December 31
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The Registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design of operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Date: &nbsp;April 15
 2013











The undersigned hereby certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to their knowledge
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2012 of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.. (the &#147;Company&#148;) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and the information contained in such periodic report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of
 and for
Very truly yours
April 15
April 15
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.












 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.



	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

 2011
 pursuant to an Exchange Agreement (&amp;#147;Agreement&amp;#148;)
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (fka Convenientcast
 Inc.) the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)
 a publicly reporting Nevada corporation
 acquired DSD Network of America
 Inc. (&amp;#147;DSD&amp;#148;)
 a Nevada corporation
 in exchange for the issuance of 40
000
000 shares of common stock of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Exchange Shares&amp;#148;)
 a majority of the common stock
 to the former owners of DSD. In conjunction with the Merger
 DSD became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;For financial accounting purposes
 this acquisition (referred to as the &amp;#147;Merger&amp;#148;) was a reverse acquisition of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. by DSD and was treated as a recapitalization. Accordingly
 the financial statements were prepared giving retroactive effect of the reverse acquisition completed on October 28
 2011
 and represent the operations of DSD prior to the Merger.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As of the time of the Merger
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. held minimal assets and was a developmental stage company. Following the Merger
 the Company
 through DSD
 is a manufacturer of its Lean Slow Motion Potion brand relaxation beverage
 which was launched by DSD in September of 2009. After the Merger


 its only subsidiary. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit and money market accounts
 which are readily convertible into cash and purchased with original maturities of three months or less. These investments are carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company maintains its cash in institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;). Beginning December 31
 2010 through December 31
 2012
 all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts are fully insured
 regardless of the balance of the account
 at all FDIC-insured institutions. This unlimited insurance coverage is separate from
 and in addition to
 the insurance coverage provided to the depositor&amp;#146;s other accounts held by a FDIC-insured institution
 which are insured for balances up to $250
000 per depositor until December 31
 2013. At December 31
 2012 and 2011 the amounts held in banks did not exceed the insured limits.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s accounts receivable were composed of receivables from customers for sales of products. The Company performs credit evaluations prior to selling products or granting credit to its customers and generally does not require collateral.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s trade accounts receivable are typically collected within 60-120 days from the date of sale. The Company monitors its exposure to losses on trade accounts receivable and maintains an allowance for potential losses and adjustments. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on the evaluation of the aging of accounts receivable and detailed analysis of high-risk customers&amp;#146; accounts
 and the overall market and economic conditions of its customers. Past due trade accounts receivable balances are written off when the Company&amp;#146;s collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. At December 31
 2012 and 2011 the allowance for doubtful accounts was $0 and $34
634
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory Held by Third Party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Inventory costs are determined principally by the use of the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) costing method and are stated at the lower of cost or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of goods sold during the period spoilage is incurred.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fixed Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Leasehold improvements
 property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for property acquisitions
 development
 construction
 improvements and major renewals are capitalized. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Depreciation is provided principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which are generally 3 to 10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term
 which generally includes reasonably assured option periods
 or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset
 cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in &amp;#147;Gain or Loss from Operations&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The estimated useful lives are:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; style=&apos;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;242&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:181.6pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;display:none&apos;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.6pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3-10 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;242&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:181.6pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Equipment&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.6pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3-7 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;242&quot; valign=&quot;top&quot; style=&apos;width:181.6pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;103&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:77.6pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;3-7 years&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company analyzes its convertible notes in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) Topic 470-20 and Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging. If it is determined that the conversion feature is convertible to a variable number of shares
 then the Company determines whether it is subject to the Derivatives and Hedging guidance in ASC Topic 815-20. Upon conclusion that it is within the guidance in Topic 815-20
 the conversion feature is separated from the host contract and it is accounted for as a derivative instrument with its fair value estimated at every balance sheet date.&amp;#160; Any change in the fair market value of the derivative
 results in a gain or loss on derivative liability in the Company&amp;#146;s statement of operations.&amp;#160; If any conversions of the original note occur prior to the settlement of the obligation
 the pro-rata portion of the derivative liability is relieved in additional paid in capital after marking to market on the day prior to the conversion date.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition Policy&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue when the product is received by and title passes to the customer. The Company&amp;#146;s standard terms are &amp;#145;FOB&amp;#146; destination. If a customer receives any product that they consider damaged or unacceptable
 the customer must document any such damages or reasons for it not to be accepted on the original invoice upon delivery and then inform the Company within 72 hours of receipt of the product. The Company does not accept returns of product for reasons other than damage.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We record estimates for reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentives
 including price discounts
 volume-based incentives
 and promotions and advertising allowances. Products are sold with extended payment terms not to exceed 120 days. Revenue is shown net of sales allowances on the accompanying statements of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of Goods Sold&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s cost of goods sold includes all costs of beverage production
 which primarily consist of raw materials such as concentrate
 aluminum cans
 trays
 shrink wrap
 can ends
 labels and packaging materials. Additionally
 costs incurred for shipping
 handling and warehousing charges are included in cost of goods sold. The Company does not bill customers for cost of shipping unless the Company incurs additional charges such as refusing initial shipment or not being able to receive shipment at their prescheduled time with the freight company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advertising Expense&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company recognizes advertising expense as incurred. The Company recognized advertising expense of $28
549 and $116
002 the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company accounts for its income taxes using the liability method
 whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the tax assets through future operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s federal and state income tax returns for the years ended 2009 through 2011 are open to examination. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company evaluated its open tax years in all known jurisdictions. Based on this evaluation
 the Company did not identify any uncertain tax positions. We will account for interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions in the current period statement of operations as necessary.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair value of Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivables and payables
 accrued liabilities notes payable and derivative liabilities. The carrying values of these financial instruments approximate their respective fair values as they are either short-term in nature or carry interest rates that approximate market rates.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (&amp;#147;US GAAP&amp;#148;) defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements. The valuation hierarchy categorizes assets and liabilities measured at fair value into one of three different levels depending on the observability of the inputs employed in the measurement. The three levels are as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-left:24.0pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 1 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-left:24.0pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-left:24.0pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 2 - Other inputs that are observable
 directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the asset or liability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-left:24.0pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-left:24.0pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data and which we make our own assumptions about how market participants would price the assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Our derivative liabilities have been valued as Level 3 instruments.&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Share-Based Compensation &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company recognizes all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of Company stock options to Company employees
 as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements
 in the financial statements based on the grant date fair value of the awards. Compensation expense is generally recognized over the vesting period. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company issued no stock options to employees.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income (Loss) per Share &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents. In periods when losses are reported the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock equivalents because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Risks&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s operations and future business model are dependent in a large part on the Company&amp;#146;s ability to execute its business model. The Company&amp;#146;s inability to meet its sales objectives may have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial condition.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 most of the Company&amp;#146;s sales are derived from beverage distributors located in the Southern region of the United States. This concentration of sales may have a negative impact on total sales in the event of a decline in the local economies.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;New Accounting Pronouncements &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In May 2011
 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for common fair value measurement. These amendments
 effective for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is prohibited)
 result in common definition of fair value and common requirements for measurement of and disclosure requirements between US GAAP and IFRS. Consequently
 the amendments change some fair value measurement principles and disclosure requirements. The implementation of this amended accounting guidance does not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In June 2011
 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for presentation of comprehensive income. This guidance
 effective retrospectively for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is permitted)
 requires presentation of total comprehensive income
 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The Company does not expect the implementation of this amended accounting guidance to impact its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In December 2011
 the FASB deferred an effective date for amendments issued in June 2011 that relate to the presentation of reclassifications of items out of accumulated other comprehensive income. All other requirements in ASU issued in June 2011 are not affected


 which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has incurred net losses. The Company also had negative working capital. The Company&amp;#146;s operating results are subject to numerous factors
 including fluctuation in the cost of raw materials
 changes in consumer preference for beverage products and competitive pricing in the marketplace. These conditions give rise to substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of reported asset amounts or the amount and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The Company&amp;#146;s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to obtain additional financing or sale of its common stock as may be required and ultimately to attain profitability.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Management&amp;#146;s plan
 in this regard


 2012 consisted of raw materials of $11
197 and finished goods of $15
898.&amp;#160; Inventory at December 31
 2011 consisted of finished goods in the amounts of $58
162. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded spoilage of $908 and $11
837


 2012 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&apos;width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;display:none&apos;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.3%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;3%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.76%;border:none;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;21
155&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.6%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;3%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.76%;border:none;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$ &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;21
155 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(8
570)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(5
000) &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
585&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$ &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16
155 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 was $3
570 and $3
337
 respectively


 2009
 the Company executed an agreement (&amp;#147;Note Agreement&amp;#148;) with an unrelated entity that subsequently became one of the Company&amp;#146;s distributors
 (&amp;#147;Unrelated Distributor&amp;#148;)
 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company&amp;#146;s suppliers by the agreement holder. The Unrelated Distributor made direct payments to suppliers for all raw materials purchased from August 2009 through February 2010. The Note Agreement set forth that interest was payable at a rate of $2.00 per case for all product sold to distributors within the state of Texas and $2.50 per case for all product sold to distributors outside the state of Texas. The Company also agreed that any product purchased by the agreement holder may be charged against any outstanding interest payments owed. As of December 31
 2011
 the principle and interest amounts due under the agreement were $328
656
 and were due on demand. On December 30
 2011
 the Company and the unrelated third party agreed to exchange the principle and interest amounts due under the agreement for 1
250
000 restricted shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 valued at $81
250. The Company recognized a $247
406 gain on extinguishment of debt as a result of the exchange.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On April 28
 2010
 the Company executed a promissory note for $13
305 with Regions Bank. The loan is secured by the Company vehicle and requires monthly payments in the amount of $1
135. The loan bears 4.45% interest and was paid in full during 2011.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 30
 2012
 the Company entered a second Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Asher for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $42
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on June 4
 2013. $40
000 was funded on September 13
 2012 with $2
500 being recorded as legal fees for funds held by the note holder. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&amp;#146;s option 180 days from inception at the greater of (1) a variable conversion price calculated as 55% of the market price which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with no floor stated in the conversion feature; or (2) a fixed price of $0.00009. The Company will analyze whether the variable conversion price results in need of bifurcation of the conversion feature into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value on the date of the contingency of the conversion feature is settled which 180 days from inception of the note.&amp;#160; The note contains an anti-dilution provision which causes the conversion price to decrease if the company issues any common stock at a lower price or with no consideration. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In October
 2012
 the Company entered into a 10% Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Birr Marketing Group
 Inc. for $20
000 with a due date of April 1
 2013. After the due date of April 1
 2013
 the note becomes convertible at a fixed price of $0.001 into the Company&amp;#146;s common shares at the Holder&amp;#146;s option.&amp;#160; The Holder shall receive a royalty or commission of $0.50 per case of Easta Pink Lean that was produced as a result of monies allocated from this note. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In November
 2012
 the Company entered into an 8% third Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Asher for $30
000 which is due together with any unpaid accrued interest on August 29
 2013.&amp;#160; This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&amp;#146;s option 180 days from inception at the greater of (1) a variable conversion price calculated as 55% of the market price which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with no floor stated in the conversion feature; or (2) a fixed price of $0.00009. The Company will analyze whether the variable conversion price results in need of bifurcation of the conversion feature into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value on the date of the contingency of the conversion feature is settled which 180 days from inception of the note.&amp;#160; The note contains an anti-dilution provision which causes the conversion price to decrease if the company issues any common stock at a lower price or with no consideration.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Subsequent to December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two vendors with balances of $56
500 of accounts payable.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; The notes payable are due on demand and bear no interest.&amp;#160; At December 31
 2012


 2012
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&amp;#147;Asher&amp;#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $32
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on March 29
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&amp;#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 55% of the market price which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with no floor stated in the conversion feature. In July 2012
 this convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $30
000
 with $2
500 being recorded as legal fees for amounts held by note holder. The Company analyzed the note on the date on which the contingent conversion feature was settled on December 24
 2012.&amp;#160; The Company determined that the variable conversion price results in need of bifurcation of the conversion feature into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value.&amp;#160; On December 24
 2012
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $25
209.&amp;#160; The Company recorded a discount of $25
209.&amp;#160; Through December 31
 2012
 the Company amortized $1
858 into interest expense based on the term of the note. At December 31
 2012
 the Company revalued the derivative liability and determined that the fair market value was $19
515 so therefore recorded a gain on derivative liability of $5
695. The assumptions used in determining the fair market value was based on a Black Scholes model using the following major assumptions: (1) conversion price of $0.0027 and $0.0037 per share; (2) volatility of 348%; (3) discount rates of 0.18% and (4) 0 assumed dividends. The note contains an anti-dilution provision which causes the conversion price to decrease if the company issues any common stock at a lower price or with no consideration.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On September 6
 2012
 the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note with Continental Equities
 LLC
 a New York limited liability corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $21
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on June 15
 2013. $20
000 of the proceeds was funded directly to the company while $1
500 was recorded as legal expense for funds held by the note holder. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&amp;#146;s option beginning on the date of the note at a variable conversion price calculated as 55% of the market price which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with the only mention of a &amp;#147;share cap&amp;#148; is that the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion would not exceed 4.99% of the outstanding shares of the company at the time of conversion. Since the number of shares outstanding at any future date is undetermined by the Company
 the Company determined that the conversion feature in this note qualified as an &amp;#147;embedded derivative
&amp;#148; and therefore separated the conversion feature from the host contract and estimated the fair market value at inception to be $34
119. As a result
 the Company recorded a discount on the original note of $21
500 and recorded an immediate loss of $12
619. At December 31
 2012
 the Company amortized into interest expense $8
844 leaving an unamortized discount associated with the convertible note of $12
656. At September 30
 2012
 the fair market value of the derivative liability was determined to be $5
887 which resulted in a net gain on derivative liability of $15
613. The Company re-valued the derivative liability at December 31
 2012 and determined the fair market value to be $19
515; therefore a loss on the derivative liability was recorded of $13
627.&amp;#160; The Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability using Black Scholes with the following main assumptions: (1) conversion price at December 31
 2012 of $0.0037; (2) volatility at December 31
 2012 of 348%%
 respectively; (3) Discount rates of 0.18% and (4) $0 in assumed dividends.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On October 16
 2012
 the Company entered into a 12% Convertible Promissory Note of $6
581 with Magna Corporation for the settlement of an existing trade payable of $4
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on September 24
 2013.&amp;#160; At inception
 $2
081 was recorded as a loss on settlement of accounts payable.&amp;#160; This note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible at a 50% discount to market on the lowest three trading days prior to conversion.&amp;#160; The Company evaluated the conversion feature and determined that it met the conditions for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability.&amp;#160; The Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $11
355 at inception.&amp;#160; As such
 the Company recorded an initial discount to the face value of the note of $6
581 with an immediate loss on derivative liability of $4
774.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:1.0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;On October 16
 2012
 Magna exercised its conversion option to convert $1
500 of the principle of the note into 1
153
846 of common stock.&amp;#160; As such
 the Company accelerated $1
500 of the discount into interest expense.&amp;#160; The Company determined that the fair market value of the derivative liability on the date of the conversion had not changed materially
 so no further gain or loss was recorded.&amp;#160; The pro-rata portion of the derivative liability associated with the converted portion of the note of $2
588 was recorded into Additional paid in capital. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:1.0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:1.0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;On November 7
 2012
 Magna exercised its 2nd conversion option to convert $3
000 of the principle of the note into 1
714
286 of common stock&amp;#160; As such the Company accelerated $3
000 of the discount into interest expense.&amp;#160; The Company determined that the fair market value of the remaining derivative liability on the date of the conversion was $6
867 and therefore recorded a gain on derivative liability of $1
900.&amp;#160; After conversion the pro-rata portion of the derivative liability associated with the converted portion of the note of $3
130 was recorded into Additional paid-in-capital. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:1.0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:1.0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-indent:-.25in;line-height:normal&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;font-family:Symbol&apos;&gt;&amp;#183;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; &lt;/font&gt;On November 20
 2012
 Magna exercised its 3rd conversion option to convert the remaining balance of $2
081 into 2
081
250 shares of common stock.&amp;#160; As such the Company accelerated the remaining $2
081 of the discount into interest expense.&amp;#160; The Company determined that the fair market value of the derivative liability on the date of the conversion was $8
143; therefore a loss of $4
407 was recorded.&amp;#160; After the conversion
 remaining balance of $8
143 of the derivative liability was recorded into additional paid in capital. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As of December 31
 2012


 2012 and 2011
 as the Company incurred a net operating loss for income tax purposes in each year and has no carryback potential.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Significant components of the Company&amp;#146;s deferred tax liabilities and assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;93%&quot; style=&apos;width:93.94%;border-collapse:collapse&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;display:none&apos;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;27%&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:27.44%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.28%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 6.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;188
051&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.6%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;3%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.76%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;26
338&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;188
051&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;26
338&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(188
051)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(26
338)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company has provided a full valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized.&amp;#160;&amp;#160; At December 31
 2012
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $553
092 for federal income tax purposes. These net operating loss carry forwards begin to expire in 2024.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Income tax expense differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 34% to pretax income from continuing operations as a result of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&apos;width:100.0%&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;display:none&apos;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;6&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;Year ended December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2011&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;44%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:44.08%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Computed &amp;#147;expected&amp;#148; income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.5%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.54%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:23.3%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
400
994)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.52%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.54%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:23.3%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(26
338)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Increase (reduction) resulting from:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 0in 6.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Permanent difference&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
239
281&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;161
713&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;26


 2012
 the Company increased the authorized number of shares to 500
000
000
 with 450
000
000 being common shares and 50
000
000 being preferred shares. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On March 15
 2013
 the Company increased the authorized number of shares to 2
500
000
000
 with 2
450
000
000 being common shares and 50
000
000 being preferred shares.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On December 6
 2012
 the Company agreed to issue 50
000
000 shares of Class A Preferred stock to Dr. Moran for services rendered.&amp;nbsp; The holders of the preferred stock shall be entitled to participate in dividends upon board approval and do not get liquidation preferences.&amp;nbsp; The shares are convertible into 10 shares of common stock.&amp;nbsp; Based on this
 the Company determined the fair market value of the preferred shares to be equal to $3
150
000 based on the common stock trading price on the date of the resolution and recorded such as stock based compensation.&amp;nbsp; The shares were treated as if converted into common shares to determine the fair market value.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Common Stock &lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement to issue 438
000 shares of common stock in exchange for release of a related party receivable of $38
800.&amp;nbsp; The fair market value of the shares issued was $43
800; therefore the Company recorded a $5
000 loss on the extinguishment of debt. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company exchanged 300
000 shares of restricted common stock for consulting services. The value was determined using the market value of the shares issued which was $39
000 resulting in an Additional Paid in Capital amount of $38
700.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a two consulting agreements with the commitment to issue a total of 110
000 shares at the signing of the agreement in April 2012.&amp;nbsp; As of December 31
 2012
 the shares had not been issued
 but the Company recorded a common stock payable with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation for $15
026.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 2
000
000 shares at the signing of the agreement in April 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the shares had been issued
 and the Company recorded stock based compensation in the amount of $300
000 which is the market value of the shares to be issued under the consulting arrangements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 5
000
000 common shares upon execution of the agreement.&amp;nbsp; As of December 31
 2012
 the shares have not been issued and the Company recorded a common stock payable with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation for $13
500.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On October 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a twelve month consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 10
000
000 shares per month.&amp;nbsp; As of December 31
 2012
 the Company owed 20
000
000 shares under this agreement.&amp;nbsp; As such
 the Company recorded a common stock payable for $104
000 equal to the fair market value or trading price of the company&amp;#146;s stock on the last day of the month for November and December 2012
 with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation.&amp;nbsp; See Subsequent Events Note 13
 where 10
000
000 shares were issued in January 2013.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company determined that $3
681 in accounts payable were related to the former shareholders and therefore were written off with an increase in additional paid in capital.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued a total of 4
949
382 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $6
581 of convertible notes payable.&amp;nbsp; See Note 7: Convertible Notes payable. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667
 however these shares have not been issued as of the issuance of these financial statements and the $50
000 of accrued salary is still recorded as of December 31
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 a shareholder agreed to issue some of his shares to a third party for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The fair market value of these services totaled $4
375.&amp;nbsp; The Company recorded this as a contribution to capital and an increase in stock based compensation.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On November 7
 2011
 the Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement (&amp;#147;Advisory Agreement&amp;#148;) with an unrelated investment advisory company (the &amp;#147;Advisor&amp;#148;)
 whereas the Advisor agreed to perform certain advisory services in exchange for 50
000 shares
 valued at $4
500 ($0.09 per share)
 of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock
 to be delivered within 10 days after execution of the Advisory Agreement
 in addition to reimbursement by the Company for the $4
500 DTC Application fee. The shares issued pursuant to the Advisory Agreement are restricted shares. The term of the Advisory Agreement commenced on November 7
 2011 and was set to expire upon the Company&amp;#146;s receipt of either an approval or a denial of their DTC Eligibility Request by DTC. On March 14
 2012
 the Company completed the final approved DTC opinion and became DTC eligible on April 26
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;text-align:justify;margin:0in 0in 0pt&apos;&gt;On December 30
 2011
 the Company issued 1
250
000 restricted shares
 valued at $81
250 ($0.065 per share) to settle its outstanding note payable to an unrelated third party (the &amp;#147;Exchange&amp;#148;). The exchange price was determined to be 50% below the average ten (10) day trading price of the Company&amp;#146;s unrestricted shares of common stock prior to the conversion date. Pursuant to the exchange
 the unrelated third party released the Company from its obligation to repay outstanding principle and interest due
 aggregating $328
656 at the time of the exchange. The Company recognized a $247


 2012 and 2011
 the Company engaged with a distributor that is wholly-owned by the Company&amp;#146;s CEO (the &amp;#147;Distributor&amp;#148;). The Distributor is responsible for shipping out product samples
 transferring small quantities of product to local distributors at the request of the Company
 sales of product to local retailers or small wholesalers and for the fulfillment of online sales orders. The Company may withdraw cases of product from the Distributor at the Company&amp;#146;s will for Company use
 for which the Company will provide the Distributor with a credit memo based on a per-case price equal to the price paid by the Distributor to the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;The Distributor pays the Company on a per case basis which is consistent with terms between the Company and third party distributors. Since the Company uses a substantial amount of the Distributor&amp;#146;s inventory as samples and promotions
 the Company offers the Distributor credit terms of &amp;#147;on consignment.&amp;#148; During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 the Company recognized revenue from product sales to the Distributor of $14
240 and $13
162 respectively
 which represented 2.7% and 0.97%
 respectively
 of total product revenue recognized by the Company. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 accounts receivable from the Distributor was $6
329 and $3
000
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping Reimbursements from Related Party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company had outstanding accounts receivable of $8
932 and $5
603
 respectively
 from a company
 Wet &amp;amp; Wild
 Inc. owned by the CEO&amp;#146;s wife. These receivables represent shipping reimbursements erroneously billed to DSD by logistics and shipping companies. The Company paid these invoices and then in turn generated invoices to the company owned by the CEO&amp;#146;s wife for reimbursement.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advances to Related Party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;Prior to December 31
 2011
 the Company advanced $49
484 to a company owned by the CEO&amp;#146;s wife. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 that Company had repaid $40
152 of these advances resulting in outstanding advances due of $9
332 as of these dates.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Acquisition of Fixed Assets from Related Party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company purchased two used vehicles from companies owned by the CEO for a total of $7
850. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Advances from Related Party&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company received related party advances from a company majority owned by the CEO and of which the CEO was the sole officer and director in the aggregate amount of $38
800. On March 7
 2012
 the Company issued 438
000 restricted shares of common stock to settle the $38
800 advances from third parties that were outstanding at December 31
 2011.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;background:white&apos;&gt;During 2011
 the Company paid consulting and research related fees on behalf of High Margins
 Inc. another company owned by the CEO. Amounts receivable at December 31
 2012 was $4
569.&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During 2012
 the Company made payments of $9


 and the Company has not recorded any liability for these legal proceedings at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011. While the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company&amp;#146;s management believes that losses
 if any
 resulting from the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During January 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Corey Powell
 in Ascension Parish
 LA 23rd Judicial District Court. Corey Powell was a former distributor of LEAN
 a relaxation beverage marketed by DSD. Powell filed suit to recover allegedly unpaid commissions
 &amp;#147;invasion fees&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;finder&amp;#146;s fees.&amp;#148; The commissions related to payments allegedly owed for Powell&amp;#146;s direct sale of LEAN product to wholesalers and retailers. The invasion fees relate to payments allegedly owed to Powell when the LEAN product was sold by other wholesalers in his geographic territory. The finders&amp;#146; fees relate to payments allegedly owed to Powell for introducing investors to the DSD management. Discovery is ongoing. Written discovery has been propounded and depositions have been taken to better understand the nature and basis for the plaintiff&amp;#146;s claims and to build DSD&amp;#146;s defenses. DSD has vigorously contested each and every one of the plaintiff&amp;#146;s allegations and has instructed counsel to proceed to trial on the merits. There have been negotiations between the counsels for the parties regarding dropping approximately half of the original claims. However no trial date has been set.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On February 14
 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Charles Moody
 in Caddo Parish
 LA First Judicial Court seeking in excess of $100
000 in damages. Charles Moody loaned DSD approximately $63
000 in June 2009. In exchange
 Moody received a Promissory Note containing the terms and conditions of the repayment of the loan. Based upon the understanding of the parties
 DSD began making monthly payments to Moody in January 2010 in satisfaction of the loan. In December 2010
 final payment of the remaining balance of the loan was paid to Moody in full and final satisfaction of the Promissory Note. Moody filed suit to recover &amp;#147;late fees&amp;#148; allegedly owed under the Promissory Note. DSD contends the Promissory Note was satisfied with the final payment in December 2010; Moody contends that repayment should have begun in November 2009
 and that because it did not
 late fees are owed. This matter was settled for a payment of $8
000 by DSD on July 27
 2012 with no admission of guilt or liability by either party.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 9
 2011
 Charles Moody and DeWayne McKoy filed a claim against DSD and Marco Moran
 CEO
 in Bossier Parish
 LA 26th Judicial Court. Charles Moody and Dewayne McKoy
 allegedly both shareholders of DSD
 brought an action against Dr. Moran alleging that he engaged in various acts of misconduct and breaches of his fiduciary duties to the corporation which damaged them as minority shareholders. Moody and McKoy also seek damages from Dr. Moran for dilution and/or loss of value of their shareholder interest in DSD as a result of his alleged misconduct. DSD is a nominal defendant in this derivative action
 as required by Louisiana law. Initial pleadings have been filed and exceptions to the plaintiff&amp;#146;s claims have been asserted. Discovery has not yet commenced. DSD vigorously denies that its officers or directors engaged in any conduct which may have harmed minority shareholders.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During December 2011
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&amp;#147;IBGH&amp;#148;) filed a claim against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 Unique Beverage Group
 and LLC. and Marco Moran
 CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 TX 61st Judicial District Court
 whereas the plaintiff asserted certain allegations. On February 24
 2012
 the Company filed a motion for summary judgment to dismiss these frivolous allegations due to lack of proper evidence. On April 12
 2012 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc was given written notice of its non-suit without prejudice from Innovative Beverage Group
 Inc. This releases Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. from any and all liability. On June 27
 2012
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&amp;#147;IBGH&amp;#148;) filed the same claims against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 DSD Network of America
 Inc. and Marco Moran CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 Texas 127th Judicial District Court
 whereas plaintiff asserted that the Defendants engaged in various acts of unfair business practices that caused harm to IBGH. The company&amp;#146;s and Marco Moran have filed an Answer and Counterclaim in this matter on October 31
 2012. Discovery has not yet begun in this matter. Written discovery will be propounded and depositions will have to be taken to better understand the nature and basis for the plaintiff&amp;#146;s claims and to build the Company&amp;#146;s defenses. The Company has vigorously contested each and every one of the plaintiff&amp;#146;s allegations and has instructed counsel to proceed to trial on the merits.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 22
 2012 Plaintiff
 DSD NETWORK OF AMERICA
 INC. (hereinafter &amp;#147;DSD&amp;#148;) filed suit against Defendants DeWayne McKoy
 Charles Moody
 Corey Powell and Peter Bianchi in United States District Court; District of Nevada for a combined thirteen claims accusing this group of defendants in colluding against the Company. Answers have been received from McKoy


 2011
 the Company entered into employment agreement with Dr. Moran (&amp;#147;Employee&amp;#148;) to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The employment commenced on January 1
 2011 and runs for the period through January 1
 2015. The Company will pay Employee
 as consideration for services rendered
 a base salary of $120
000 per year.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;As additional compensation
 Employee is eligible to receive one percent of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company if the gross revenues hit specified milestones for each fiscal year under the agreement. The Company will provide additional benefits to Employee during the employment term which include
 but are not limited to
 health and life insurance benefits
 vacation pay
 expense reimbursement
 relocation reimbursement and a Company car. The Company may also include Employee in any benefit plans which it now maintains or establishes in the future for executives. If Employee dies
 the Company will pay the designated beneficiary an amount equal to two years&amp;#146; compensation
 in equal payments over the next twenty four months.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In the event Employee&amp;#146;s employment is constructively terminated within five years of the commencement date
 Employee shall receive a termination payment
 which will be determined according to a schedule based upon the number of years since the commencement of the contract
 within a range of $120
000 to $400
000. Additionally
 Employee shall continue to receive the additional benefits mentioned above for a period of two years from the termination date. If the constructive termination date is later than five years after the commencement date
 Employee shall receive the lesser amount of an amount equal to his aggregate base salary for five years following the date of the termination date
 or an amount equal to his aggregate base salary through the end of the term. Additionally
 Employee shall continue to receive the additional benefits mentioned above during the period he is entitled to receive the base salary.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company incurred $120
000
 and $120
000 in base salary to Dr. Moran
 respectively
 which were included as a component of general and administrative expenses. The Company recorded total accrued payroll to Dr. Moran in the amounts of $390
000 and $333
000
 in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667 which resulted in recognition of loss on settlement of accrued salaries of $16
667 for the difference in the amount of accrued salary and the fair market value of the shares issued.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On December 6
 2012
 the Company issued 50
000
000 shares of Class A Preferred stock to Dr. Moran for services rendered.&amp;#160; The shares are convertible into 10 shares of common stock.&amp;#160; Based on this
 the Company determined the fair market value of the preferred shares to be equal to $3
150
000 based on the common stock trading price on the date of the resolution and recorded such as stock based compensation.&amp;#160; The shares were treated as if converted into common shares to determine the fair market value.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Lease Operating Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company leased office spaces in Clinton
 MS and Houston
 TX under non-cancelable operating leases during 2012 and 2011. Rent expense was $23
898 and $22
729 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases at December 31
 2012:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;div align=&quot;center&quot;&gt; &lt;table border=&quot;0&quot; cellspacing=&quot;0&quot; cellpadding=&quot;0&quot; width=&quot;100%&quot; style=&apos;width:100.0%&apos;&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;font style=&apos;display:none&apos;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;Years Ending &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;December 31
&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:171.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;Future Minimum Lease Payments&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;30
638&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;10
312&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;Total &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;78
075&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Broker/Sales Agreements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 1
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution and brokerage agreement with Brand Builderz
 USA
 LLC (BBUSA)
 a Limited Liability Company organized under the laws of the State of Maine
 to sell
 market
 manage and assist in distributing products in its designated territory. The Company was to pay a minimum monthly retainer fee until sales commissions reach at least a pre-determined amount for at least two consecutive months. The company will pay commissions of a pre-determined percentage of gross sales collected
 pay an invasion fee of less than one dollar ($1.00) per physical case of product sold within the territory of BBUSA by a third party. Due to breach of contract by BBUSA
 this Agreement was discontinued on May 22
 2012. BBUSA failed to generate any sales therefore was never paid any commissions or invasion fees.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On April 9
 2012
 The Company entered into an agreement with NA Beverages
 LLC
 a Nevada Limited Liability Company (the Consultant)
 to provide advice
 analysis
 sales and recommendations. The Consultant shall be paid at an annual base salary based upon sales performance
 receive a commission of a set percentage of gross sales of all fully paid invoices received from the Consultant&amp;#146;s customers and provide a monthly bonus of up to twenty-five hundred dollars ($2
500) for arranging
 conducting and reporting of meetings with buyers and or similar business related personnel. Either the Company or the Consultant may terminate the agreement with at least thirty (30) says prior written notice with no specific reasons given. This agreement was terminated on August 1
 2012.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 15
 2012
 the Company entered into a business development agreement with Globalization Accelerator
 LLC (&amp;#147;Global XLR&amp;#148;) to assist the company in improving sales and product placement.&amp;#160; The Company agreed to provide Global XLR: (i) a commission of 4% of gross sales revenue; (ii) a 4.90% equity stock option at the purchase price of $49
000 if Global XLR generates $3
000
000 of gross revenue within any 12 consecutive month period or less
 and (iii) pay a finder&amp;#146;s fee of 3% of the gross investment amount for any source of funding introduced to the Company.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Distributor Agreements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 5
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Hooper Sales Co.
 Inc. a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Arkansas to exclusively sell
 market
 manage and assist in distributing products in its designated territory in Arkansas and Mississippi. The Company will provide an invasion fee up to $4.00 per case if products are sold within said territory by any other approved distributor or wholesaler to which the Company chooses to directly ship product.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 5
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Mikeska Distributing Co
 a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Texas to exclusively sell
 market
 manage and assist in distributing products in its designated territory in Texas. The Company will provide an invasion fee up to $4.00 per case if products are sold within said territory by any other approved distributor or wholesaler to which the Company chooses to directly ship product.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On July 16
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with New Age Distributing
 a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Arkansas to sell and assist in distributing products in its designated territory of Arkansas. The Company will provide an invasion fee up to $4.00 per case if products are sold within said territory by any other approved distributor or wholesaler to which the Company chooses to directly ship product.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Consulting Agreements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On October 15
 2012 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Chad Tendrich for general business consulting for a period of 12 months. The Company agreed to deliver 8
500
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant. As of December 31
 2012
 the shares were not considered earned nor delivered.&amp;#160; The shares were issued to the consultant in January 2013.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On October 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Dash Consulting
 LLC to provide bookkeeping and invoicing consulting for a period of 12 months. As compensation
 the Company agreed to deliver 10
000
000 shares of restricted common stock per month.&amp;#160; The Company has accrued the obligation on a monthly basis over the time period the service is rendered. &amp;#160;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company has accrued 20
000
000 shares at the total estimated fair market value of $104
000.&amp;#160; In January 2013
 the Company issued 10
000
000 shares under this contract.&amp;#160; As of March 31
 2013
 shares owed are an additional 30
000
000 shares.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 12
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Derrick Brooks to become a medical and healthcare consultant to the Company for a period of 12 months.&amp;#160; The Company agreed to deliver 3
000
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation.&amp;#160; The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the Consultant. &amp;#160;As of December 31
 2012
 the shares were not considered earned until delivered.&amp;#160; The shares were issued in January 2013.&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On November 15
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Christy Favorite to conduct wellness programs for the Company for a period of 12 months.&amp;#160; The Company agreed to deliver 5
000
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the Consultant.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2012
 the shares were not considered earned until delivered.&amp;#160; The shares were issued in January 2013.&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On August 1
 2012
 the Company entered into an investor relations consulting agreement with Empire Relations Group
 Inc. (&amp;#147;Empire&amp;#148;)
 a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company will pay Empire a non-refundable guaranteed consulting fee of $15
000 if Empire introduces the Company to at least $30
000 in capital either through equity investment
 loans
 notes


 the Company issued 31
500
000 shares of common stock in accordance to consulting services agreements for services rendered.&amp;#160; &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Convertible Notes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On January 15
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&amp;#147;Asher&amp;#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on September 17
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&amp;#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 48% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $50
000
 with $3
000 being recorded as legal fees for amounts held by note holder. The note contains an anti-dilution provision which causes the conversion price to decrease if the Company issues any common stock at a lower price or with no consideration.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On February 19
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&amp;#147;Asher&amp;#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $32
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on November 21
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&amp;#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 55% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $30
000
 with $2
500 being recorded as legal fees for amounts held by note holder. The note contains an anti-dilution provision which causes the conversion price to decrease if the Company issues any common stock at a lower price or with no consideration.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Conversions of Convertible Notes Payable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On January 11
 2013
 Asher converted $12
000 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 into 3
750
000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0032.&amp;#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $20
500 remained. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On February 1
 2013
 Asher converted an additional $12
100 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 into 5
761
905 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0021.&amp;#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $8
400 remained. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On February 14
 2013
 Asher converted the remaining $8
400 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 together with unpaid interest of $1
300 into 4
850
000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0020.&amp;#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $0 remained on the June 27
 2012 notes payable.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;On March 6
 2013
 Continental converted $5
000 of its outstanding convertible notes payable entered into in August 2012 into 1
567
398 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0032.&amp;#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $16



	

 which are readily convertible into cash and purchased with original maturities of three months or less. These investments are carried at cost
 which approximates fair value.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company maintains its cash in institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;). Beginning December 31
 2010 through December 31
 2012
 all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts are fully insured
 regardless of the balance of the account
 at all FDIC-insured institutions. This unlimited insurance coverage is separate from
 and in addition to
 the insurance coverage provided to the depositor&amp;#146;s other accounts held by a FDIC-insured institution
 which are insured for balances up to $250
000 per depositor until December 31
 2013. At December 31


 and the overall market and economic conditions of its customers. Past due trade accounts receivable balances are written off when the Company&amp;#146;s collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. At December 31
 2012 and 2011 the allowance for doubtful accounts was $0 and $34
634


 first-out (FIFO) costing method and are stated at the lower of cost or market


 property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for property acquisitions
 development
 construction
 improvements and major renewals are capitalized. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Depreciation is provided principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which are generally 3 to 10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term
 which generally includes reasonably assured option periods
 or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset


 then the Company determines whether it is subject to the Derivatives and Hedging guidance in ASC Topic 815-20. Upon conclusion that it is within the guidance in Topic 815-20
 the conversion feature is separated from the host contract and it is accounted for as a derivative instrument with its fair value estimated at every balance sheet date.&amp;#160; Any change in the fair market value of the derivative
 results in a gain or loss on derivative liability in the Company&amp;#146;s statement of operations.&amp;#160; If any conversions of the original note occur prior to the settlement of the obligation


 the customer must document any such damages or reasons for it not to be accepted on the original invoice upon delivery and then inform the Company within 72 hours of receipt of the product. The Company does not accept returns of product for reasons other than damage.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;We record estimates for reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentives
 including price discounts
 volume-based incentives


 which primarily consist of raw materials such as concentrate
 aluminum cans
 trays
 shrink wrap
 can ends
 labels and packaging materials. Additionally
 costs incurred for shipping


549 and $116
002 the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. A valuation allowance is provided for certain deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the tax assets through future operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s federal and state income tax returns for the years ended 2009 through 2011 are open to examination. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company evaluated its open tax years in all known jurisdictions. Based on this evaluation


 accounts receivables and payables


 unrestricted assets or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-left:24.0pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-left:24.0pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Level 2 - Other inputs that are observable
 directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly


 including grants of Company stock options to Company employees
 as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements
 in the financial statements based on the grant date fair value of the awards. Compensation expense is generally recognized over the vesting period. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011




 2012 and 2011


 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for common fair value measurement. These amendments
 effective for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is prohibited)
 result in common definition of fair value and common requirements for measurement of and disclosure requirements between US GAAP and IFRS. Consequently
 the amendments change some fair value measurement principles and disclosure requirements. The implementation of this amended accounting guidance does not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In June 2011
 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for presentation of comprehensive income. This guidance
 effective retrospectively for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is permitted)
 requires presentation of total comprehensive income
 the components of net income
 and the components of other comprehensive income either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. The Company does not expect the implementation of this amended accounting guidance to impact its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;In December 2011
 the FASB deferred an effective date for amendments issued in June 2011 that relate to the presentation of reclassifications of items out of accumulated other comprehensive income. All other requirements in ASU issued in June 2011 are not affected

	

 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.3%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Vehicles&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;3%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.76%;border:none;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;21
155&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.6%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;3%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.76%;border:none;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$ &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;21
155 &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Less: accumulated depreciation&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(8
570)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(5
000) &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify&apos;&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
585&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;$ &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double black 2.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;16


 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;39%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:39.28%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 6.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;188
051&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.6%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;3%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:3.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.76%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;24%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:24.54%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;26
338&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;188
051&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;26
338&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.14%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.9%;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(188
051)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(26


&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2012&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;center&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:center&apos;&gt;2011&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;44%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:44.08%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Computed &amp;#147;expected&amp;#148; income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.5%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.54%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:23.3%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(1
400
994)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.24%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;2%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:2.52%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;1%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:1.54%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;23%&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:23.3%;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;(26
338)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Increase (reduction) resulting from:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 0in 6.0pt&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Permanent difference&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;1
239
281&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;-&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;161
713&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid black 1.5pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;26


&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;228&quot; colspan=&quot;2&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:171.25pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;Future Minimum Lease Payments&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2013&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;30
638&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2014&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2015&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2016&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;12
375&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;2017&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;10
312&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0in 0in 1.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr align=&quot;left&quot;&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;287&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:215.25pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;Total &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0in 0in 2.5pt 0in&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt&apos;&gt;$&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td width=&quot;216&quot; valign=&quot;bottom&quot; style=&apos;width:162.35pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 1.5pt;background:#DBE5F1;padding:0&apos;&gt; &lt;p align=&quot;right&quot; style=&apos;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;margin-right:3.65pt;text-align:right&apos;&gt;78

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	


			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			
			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			
			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			
			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			




			


			



		


		




				


				




		













 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.









				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				


				
				
				
				






























































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.dewmarinternational.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt

































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.dewmarinternational.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.dewmarinternational.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt









 Dash





		
		












		
		


		
		







 Magna






 Asher

		



 unrelated distributer





		


		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		



 Asher

		



 Brooks





		
		


		
		



 Asher

		



 Regions Bank

		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		
		
		


		


		






		


		


		



 Continental

		








		


		
		



 Magna

		



 Continental

		


		


		
		


		
		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		



 Empire

		



 Hooper

		


		
		


		
		


		
		






		


		



 Continental

		



 Birr

		





 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization



		
		


		
		


		





 but is not limited to











		


		
		






		


		


		



 Asher

		










		
		


		
		



 Magna

		



 unrelated distributer





		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		




		






		


		


		



 Asher

		



 Brand

		








		
		


		
		



 Asher

		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		




		




		


		


		


		


		
		


		


		




		




		


		
		


		
		







 Continental






 Asher

		


		
		


		


		


		


		

 net of income taxes






 but is not limited to



		
		














		


		
		


		
		



 Continental

		



 Asher

		



 unrelated distributer





		


		

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property



		


		


		


		

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity&apos;s management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates



		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		
		


		
		












		







 Tendrich







		


		
		



 unrelated distributer









		


		
		


		
		


		






		



 Dash





		
		




		


		
		


		
		


		



 Magna

		



 Asher





		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		




		






		
		






		
		


		


		
		


		


		



 Continental

		







 Favorite





		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 Magna

		



 Continental

		



 Asher

		


		


		


		


		
		


		




		


		
		


		


		


		



 Continental

		



 Empire

		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 Birr

		


		


		


		
		


		


		


		


		


		


		














		


		


		
		



 Mikeska

		


		
		


		
		


		
		



 Asher

		



 unrelated distributer





		

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property



		


		


		


		


		




		






		


		
		


		


		
		


		



 Asher

		






		
		


		
		


		
		






		


		


		


		
		


		

 but is not limited to



		
		


		










		
		


		


		




		


		
		


		
		



 Magna

		



 Regions Bank

		


		


		


		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		
		


		


		
		


		
		


		
		


		








		


		
		


		
		



 Asher







		






		


		


		
		


		
		






		



 New Age

		


		
		


		
		



 Magna

		



 Birr

		



 unrelated distributer





		

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property



		


		
		


		


		


		
		


		


		
		


		


		
		














 Advanced Computer Innovations
 Inc.


		xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
		xsi:schemaLocation=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
		xmlns:fil=http://www.dewmarinternational.com/20121231
		xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
		xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
		xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
188
26
188
26
(188
(26
338)




        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

400
994)

338)


        

239
281
        


Income tax
 change in valuation allowance

713

338




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations
 that is attributable to total foreign income tax expense or benefit. The foreign income tax expense or benefit difference represents the income tax expense or benefit at applicable domestic statutory income tax rates applied to foreign earnings or loss for the period versus the foreign income tax expense or benefit calculated by applying the appropriate foreign tax rates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Fixed assets
 vehicles

155

155


        

570)

000)


Fixed assets
 net

585

155




        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      






















        
        

000
000
        
        
        


        
        

150
000
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

800
        
        
        
        


        

800
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

700
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

026
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        

500
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        

681
        
        
        
        


        

949
382
        
        
        
        


        

581
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
        
        


        
        
        

047
619
        
        


        
        
        

667
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        
        

500


        
        
        
        

250
000
        


        
        
        
        

250
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

549

002




        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company recognizes all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of Company stock options to Company employees
 as well as other equity-based compensation arrangements
 in the financial statements based on the grant date fair value of the awards. Compensation expense is generally recognized over the vesting period. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company issued no stock options to employees.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        

000


        

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Leasehold improvements
 property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Expenditures for property acquisitions
 development
 construction
 improvements and major renewals are capitalized. The cost of repairs and maintenance is expensed as incurred. Depreciation is provided principally on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 which are generally 3 to 10 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term
 which generally includes reasonably assured option periods
 or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Upon sale or other disposition of a depreciable asset
 cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is reflected in &#147;Gain or Loss from Operations&#148;.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






























Note agreement
 unrelated distributer
 interest rate per case (Texas)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Note agreement
 unrelated distributer
 interest rate per case (outside Texas)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Note agreement
 unrelated distributer
 amount due

656
        
        
        
        
        
        


Note agreement
 unrelated distributer
 debt exchanged for shares
        
        
        
        

250
000
        
        


Note agreement
 unrelated distributer
 debt exchanged for shares (value)
        
        
        
        

250
        
        


Note agreement
 unrelated distributer
 gain on extinguishment of debt
        
        
        
        

406
        
        


Promissory note
 Regions Bank
 amount
        
        
        
        
        

305
        


Promissory note
 Regions Bank
 monthly payments

135
        
        
        
        
        
        


Contingently convertible promissory note
 Asher
 interest rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Contingently convertible promissory note
 Asher
 amount
        

000
        

500
        
        
        


Contingently convertible promissory note
 Asher
 share conversion rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Contingently convertible promissory note
 Asher
 share conversion fixed price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Contingently convertible promissory note
 Birr
 interest rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Contingently convertible promissory note
 Birr
 amount
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


Contingently convertible promissory note
 Birr
 share conversion fixed price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company's suppliers by the agreement holder. The Company and the agreement holder agreed to exchange the principal and interest amounts due for restricted shares of common stock. Gain on extinguishment of debt as a result of the share exchange
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company's suppliers by the agreement holder. Amount due at end of period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company's suppliers by the agreement holder. The Company and the agreement holder agreed to exchange the principal and interest amounts due for restricted shares of common stock
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company's suppliers by the agreement holder. The Company and the agreement holder agreed to exchange the principal and interest amounts due for restricted shares of common stock. Value of shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company's suppliers by the agreement holder. The Note Agreement set forth that interest was payable per case for all product sold to distributors within the state of Texas
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company's suppliers by the agreement holder. The Note Agreement set forth that interest was payable per case for all product sold to distributors outside the state of Texas
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Deferred tax assets
 net operating loss

051

338


Deferred tax assets
 (less) valuation allowance

051)

338)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Inventory
 raw materials

197
        


Inventory
 finished goods

898

162


Costs of goods sold
 spoilage
        

837




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern. The Company has incurred net losses. The Company also had negative working capital. The Company&#146;s operating results are subject to numerous factors
 including fluctuation in the cost of raw materials
Management&#146;s plan
 in this regard
 is to raise financing through debt and equity financing to augment the cash flow it receives from product sales and finance the continuing development for the next twelve months.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 disclose: (a) pertinent conditions and events giving rise to the assessment of substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time
 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W
M83@R93=A




V
M93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?






M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M7T)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



M7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?3W!E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M=&5D7U-T871E;65N='-?;V9?0V%S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%2
M65]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R





O4VAE970P








M15)424)
15].3U1%4U]005E!0DQ%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H







&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R
M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T]-34E4345.5%-?04Y$7T-/3E1)3D=%
M3D-)15




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE
M971S+U-H965T

M


C
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K






T0B5V]R:W-H




O4VAE970S

M34U!4EE?3T9?4TE'3DE&24-!3E1?04-#3U5.5#$S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@


R


S

O







O4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


O4VAE970S.2YH


#I.86UE

O
M4VAE970T


M3DE&24-!3E1?04-#3U5.5#(P/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS





O4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L
M5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3D]415-?4$%904)
15]$971A:6QS

T0B5V]R
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].5D52
M5$E3$5?3D]415-?4$%904)
15]$971A/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R





O4VAE970U

M0T]-15]405A%4U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='

#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE970^



3PO
#I.86UE/D-/34U)5$U%



T0B5V]R:W-H


&-E;%=O<FMB;V]K

V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

M-V$X
F4W83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P
M.68W7V

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$574$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/D1O8W5M96YT(&%N9!%;G1I='D@26YF;W)M871I;VX@*%531`D*3QB


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]



M87(@26YT97)N871I;VYA;!34



]




]
'0^
#`P
3(V.3@W

]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C











]
M

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR


V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T
M-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P.68W7V
T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5104%'/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C


]
M


3

#




]


M

M;7`^-3@L


]


]

M




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]




M8FEL:71I97

]



]



M;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1T










]
M

]









RPU


C(L

]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#(W-BPX


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S)R!$969I8VET/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6T^*#$Y-BPR
C
I/'-P

]

#4L


M8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M145-04

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]



]


M


M86QI9VX]

#`P+#`P
#QS




#`P+#`P



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


]
T1N
M=6UP/C0U


]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#$X
BPP



3@R+#`P



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R
M-S@W83@R93=A

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97
L(&YE=#PO=&0^



]


]




]




T1T;W`^/'-T



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3V-C=7!A;F-Y(&%N9!R96QA=&5D(&5X

2PX.#@\

M
BPT



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-BPP








]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W0@;&%B;W(\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$T-2PP

]

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1N=6T^*#$V






M/B@T







]

M-2PP

M1&YU;7`^




T1T

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8L

]




T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT

]
T1N=6UP/C4Y

#`L

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R
M93=A








]



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4L(&%M;W5N=!A=!$96
N
M(#

]
T1N


]

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$Y.2PR-S

]















M/3-$;G5M/B@R
BPT

S








]

]
T1T97AT



M
2PR-3`L











]




]


]
T1N=6T^*#
Q




]


]




]


]



]


M+#`P

]
T1T


M

BPS
#`L
#`P/'-P






]
T1N=6UP/C(L

S



]
T1N=6UP/C
S.2PP
#`\


\













]


]
T1N=6UP/C0S+#
V
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0S+#@P

]







T1T;W`^0V]N=')I8G5T


]













]

2PV





]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#@V


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#@V


]

]


]



M
S$L(#(P



]


]

#`P+#`P



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R
M-S@W83@R93=A

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S8L
M













]



C@R/'-P86X^


M8V%S:!L96=A;!F965S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



M9VX]


]


]




]


]




]








]
T1N=6T^
M*#4X+#$V


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97



M
S



\+W1D



T1T;W`^

\

]


]










]
T1N=6UP/C$T

]
T1R



M:6XI(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


3
L



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H86YG92!I;B!C87-H
M(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@U
RPQ

3$W+#(R

]


]


M97%U:79A;&5N='
L(&%T(&5N9!O9B!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#









]
T1N=6UP/C


]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P




]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P



T1T;W`^17AT:6YG

M;7`^-#












#



]



L
CDP/'-P


M961U8W1I;VX@:6X@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@9'5E('1O(&-O;G9E


]

]
M




V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T
M-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P.68W7V
T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5
13X-B`@(`@(#QT



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



M3T8@0E5324Y%4U

M
#`P
7!T/CQB/C$@+2!/4D=!3DE:051)3TX@04Y$($1%4T-225!424].($]&

M/D]N($]C=&]B97(@
C@L(#(P



N(@F(S$T-SM$4T0F(S$T.#LI+!A($YE=F%D

M9B`T



M;F
2P@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S('=E

M
C`Q

38P

T1M87)G:6XZ

M

@;V8@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@=&AE



@82!M86YU9F%C='5R97(@;V8@:71S($QE86X@4VQO
M=R!-;W1I;VX@4&]T:6]N(&)R86YD(')E;&%X871I;VX@8F5V97)A9V4L('=H


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A



M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.



24-)15


#`P



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='






@





@:6X@=&AE



M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N






M

Q-#@[*2X@0F5G:6YN
M:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#




Q-#8[



M='

M
#`P

M/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M;&4]
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


30V.W
@86-C;W5N='



@8W)E9&ET(&5V86QU




6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M
M.BXP,#`Q<'0[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
Q-#8[

M;&5C=&5D('=I=&AI;B`V

M;W5N='


30V.W


M92X@070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@=&AE(&%L;&]W86YC
M92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@=V%S(0P(&%N9`D
S0L-C


M/B8C

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P








T1M87)G:6XZ

M



#`P


M;&4]
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L



@86-C=6UU;&%T

@86YD(&UA:F]R(')E;F5W86QS(&%R





3Y4:&4@97-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L:79E

M;3HN
#`P

#L\+W`^(#QD:78@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^(#QT86)L92!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$

B!V
M86QI9VX]





M/B8C

M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

T1L969T/B`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]

3@Q+C9P

M=&]M.BXP

#X@

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT


M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

RTW('EE

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P



M;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

3`S('9A;&EG



\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\


T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT

M:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P



#`P



M:7



M92!I;B!!4T
@5&]P:6




M9V4@:6X@=&AE(&9A:7(@;6%R:V5T('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E




M;&4]
T1M87)G:6XZ



#`Q

M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP





M=&]M.BXP




T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN



M;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M='





3$V+#`P
B!T

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L(')E

M8F]T=&]M.BXP


#`Q









T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P


M(&5N9&5D(#(P

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A

2!U;F-E<G1A:6X@=&%X('!O





T1M87)G:6XZ

M;VTZ+C`P



#`P
7!T

M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP




30X.RD@9&5F


M;F0@97-T86)L:7-H97


@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z

#`P
M

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M
C0N

979E;`Q(T@3V)S97)V86)L
M92!I;G!U='







M;3HN
#`P

M9GD^)B

M='1O;3HN
#`P


R`M(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@9F]R('=H:6-H



@86YD(&QI86)I

T1M87)G:6XZ

M;VTZ+C`P



#`P


M(&)E96X@=F%L=65D(&%S($QE=F5L(#
@:6YS=')U;65N='
N)B
Q-C`[(#PO

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P


#`P



#`P
7!T


L(&EN8VQU9&EN




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(&YO('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S

T1M87)G:6XZ

M



#`P



M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

M9W)O=6YD.G=H:71E/CQB/CQI/B8C


#`P








@8F5C


#`Q



T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT

M;G

30V.W



#`P



M:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP




@


@



N

#`P
M


M;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M-2P@
C`Q


M97


M;F5N='





M;7!L96UE;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&%M96YD960@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!G=6ED



T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT

C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@9&5F
M97)R960@86X@969F96-T:79E(&1A=&4@9F]R(&%M96YD;65N='
@:7-S=65D
M(&EN($IU;F4@
C`Q



C`Q




N(%1H92!I
M;7!L96UE;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&%M96YD960@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!G=6ED










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


]


]

M;&4]
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L


#`P
7!T


@:&%V92!B965N('!R97!A

30V.W
@

M(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&1O(&YO=!I;F-L=61E(&%D:G5S=&UE



30V
M.W



3X-CPO:'1M
M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E
M-%\R-S@W83@R93=A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]
3MB86-K9W)O=6YD.G=H:71E/CQB/C0@+2!)3E9%3E1/4ED\+V(^/]P/B`\



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E8S9E
#EF-U]C
M-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



]

M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


M:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

M8CXF(S$V

M+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

M1#$P


T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


B!V86QI9VX]

T0G

M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


&EN(#!I;B`Q+C5P=`P
M:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9SHP:6X@



M9VX]

T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P

2P@
C`Q
M


#`P


#`P
7!T/B8C
38P


M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N

M='1O;3HN
#`P
7!T/B8C



T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN.VUA

#%P=#XF(S$V

3MP861D:6YG.C`^(#QP('-T



M
T0G=VED=&@Z


M+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

C$L




2XU

T1M87)G:6XZ

M;W1T;VTZ+C`P
#%P=#XF(S$V

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#XH.PU-S`I/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

&EN(#!I;B`Q+C5P=`P:6XG/CPO=&0^
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


&EN

M=&]M.BXP



#`P





M9&EN9SHP:6X@

M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP



M(#(N

M9VX]



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9#HC1$)%-48Q


M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P
7!T/B8C




3MP861D:6YG.C`G/B`\

M+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

#L\+W`^







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A





]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

@4$%904)


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]

M0DQ%/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT




30X.RDL('=H:6-H





C`Q


2!T:&4@86=R965M96YT(&AO;&1E

2P@
C`Q
2P@



C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD


@9'5E('5N9&5R
M('1H92!A9W)E96UE;G0@9F]R(#$L
C4P+#`P

M870@)#@Q+#(U



M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N





#$S+B`D-#`L
#`P

@8V]N
M=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T('1H92!H









M;B!N965D(&]F(&)I9G5R8V%T:6]N(&]F('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&9E871U


M






T1M87)G
M:6XZ


M9GD^26X@3F]V96UB97(L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT






#`P
#DN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@86YA;'EZ

M='


T1M87)G:6XZ

M


#`P


Q+`R,#$R+!T:&4@




M



T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-PT*



]

M:60]

M3$4@3D]415
@4$%904)

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]




12!.3U1%4R!005E!
M0DQ%/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT



3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(%-E8W5R:71I97









S`L
#`P+!W:71H(0R+#4P




#DN)B
Q-C`[(%1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@)#(U+#(P.2XF(S$V
M







Z(@Q*2!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E
M(&]F(0P+C`P



2PU
#`L('=H:6-H('1O9V5T

#$S+B`D
C`L

@

M87

@;&5G86P@97AP96YS92!F;W(@9G5N9'



M





T+#$Q.2X@07
@82!R97-U;'0L('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@=&AE(&]R:6=I;F%L(&YO
M=&4@;V8@)#(Q+#4P



M





Q+`R,#$R(&%N9!D



M8V4@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@;V8@)#`N
#`S-SL@*#(I('9O;&%T
M:6QI='D@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@;V8@



3@E(&%N9`H-D@)#`@
6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M
M.BXP,#`Q<'0[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y/D]N($]C=&]B97(@
38L(#(P
M
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(#$R)2!#;VYV97)T:6)L

M871I;VX@9F]R('1H92!S971T;&5M96YT(&]F(&%N(&5X:7-T:6YG('1R861E






M:6YI=&EA;!D:7-C;W5N=!T;R!T:&4@9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B!T:&4@;F]T

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN+71O<#HP:6X[;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ+C!I
M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP





M87)G:6XM;&5F=#HQ+C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

RPP
#`@;V8@=&AE('!R
M:6YC:7!L92!O9B!T:&4@;F]T92!I;G1O(#$L-S$T+#(X-B!O9B!C;VUM;VX@

#L@07

M
RPP

M(S$V



M92!N;W1E(&]F(0S+#$S,!W87


M
SLF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@/]F;VYT/D]N($YO
M=F5M8F5R(#(P+`R


M92!O9B`D
BPP.#$@:6YT;R`R+#`X

M=&]C:RXF(S$V
#L@07



M870@=&AE(&9A:7(@;6%R:V5T('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E(&QI

@)#@L
M



M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP



#EF-U]C-#=B
M7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

]







]
T1T97AT/CPA+2UE9W@M+3X\

M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N


65A<G
@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L(&%S('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN8W5R



M
#`P


M/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

@9F]L

M.BXP

M:61T:#TS1#DS)2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.CDS+CDT)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

T0R)2!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z

T0R

M.C(W+C0T)3MB;W)D97(Z;F]N93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(&)L86-K


M96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


B!V86QI9VX]

M

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

M/CQB/D1E8V5M8F5R(#

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'!A


T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P

M9'1H/3-$




#X\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


#X\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(@86QI
M9VX]
T1L969T/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0S.24@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T


M9SHP:6X@
&EN(#$N-7!T(#8N

T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN


\+W`^

M



C0E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]



&EN(#!I
M;B`Q+C5P=`P:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#
E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M





M

T0G=VED=&@Z





M1'=I9'1H.C(N

#X\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!V
M86QI9VX]


#X\






M


M


#`P
M


3MP861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@

&EN
M)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G=VED=&@Z
BXY)3MB;W)D97(Z;F]N93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED


T0G8F]R9&5R.FYO;F4[


#`P

M:'0^*#$X.PP-3$I/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

3MP861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@

&EN)SX\







C8L
S




#`P







T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P


T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P
M=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/BT\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^




M(&YO=!B92!R96%L:7IE9XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@070@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P



@8F5G:6X@=&\@97AP:7)E(&EN(#(P
C0N

#`P
M


M;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


N(&9E9&5R86P@

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

3`P+C`E/B`\='(@86QI
M9VX]


M/3-$-B!V86QI9VX]

T0G8F]R9&5R.FYO;F4[8F]R


M;3HN
#`P

M97(@


#`P
7!T/B8C

M/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ+C`P



&EN(#$N

M861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@





M9VX]

T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P

#$Q/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(@86QI9VX],T1L969T/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0T-4@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/3-$

BXU)3MB86-K

M('=I9'1H/3-$

2XU

#`P
7!T


M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.G)I9VAT/B@Q+#0P
PY.30I/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q)2!V
M86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ+C(T)3MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M135&

T1M87)G
M:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
M/B8C


#X@/'`@86QI9VX]

C
E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1'=I9'1H.C(S+C

M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B


M;&4]
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L
M:6=N.G)I9VAT/B8C


#`P


6QE/3-$;6%R
M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


M

T1M87)G:6XZ
M

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/B8C
M

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

Q-C`[
6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G
M:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

T1B


&EN

T1B



#L\+W`^(#PO=&0^

M.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


M


M8F]T=&]M.BXP


T1B86-K9W)O=6YD.B-$

M=#XF(S$V



M=&5X=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#XM/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(@86QI9VX]
M

M

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P
7!T/D-H86YG92!I;B!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A



T1M87)G:6XZ

M
#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/B8C



M9VX]


&EN(#$N-7!T(#!I

T1M87)G:6XZ

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ+C`P
#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/B8C

M/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG.C!I
M;B`P:6X@

&EN)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]
6QE

2XU

6QE/3-$




T1L969T/B`\=&0@=F%L


T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P
7!T/B9N8G-P.SPO





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R.FYO;F4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@8FQA8VL@
M


M



#`P



3MP861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@
BXU

&EN)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]


C5P=#MB86-K




T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P
#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/BT\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO

M



V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

F4W
M83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P.68W7V
T

34N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$5


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P




T1T;W`^4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)3)R!$149)0TE4
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^/'`@

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@

T0G;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P
M:6X@



#`L('=I=&@@-#4P+#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S


M

M36%R8V@@
34L(#(P
3


M
#`L

&EN(#!P

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@


M;CHP:6X@




#`P+#`P
M

@




RPQ-3`L



@=V5R92!T





2P@
C`Q

S@L



X+#@P



2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97AC:&%N9V5D(#
P

@
M)#
Y+#`P



2P@
C`Q
M




M
2P@
C`Q



M.C!I;B`P:6X@

M
S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A(&-O;G-U;'1I

M;W1A;!O9B`R+#`P,PP

M92!A9W)E96UE;G0@:6X@07!R:6P@
C`Q
BX@07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3(L('1H92!S:&%R97

#`@=VAI8V@@:7



2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE





M)#$S+#4P



M;G0@=&\@:7-S=64@82!T;W1A;!O9B`Q,PP
#`L


Q+`R,#$R+!T:&4@0V]M


3(L('=I=&@@82!C;W)R


3
L('=H97)E
M(#$P+#`P

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;B`P:6X@













'!T)SY/;B!.;W9E;6)E





M;F0@=&AE(0U,PP

'!T)SXF;F)S

M



30W.T%D



M
30X.RDL('=H97)E87

&-H86YG92!F;W(@-3`L
M


M*2P@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@=&\@8F4@



M:6-A=&EO;B!F964N(%1H92!S:&%R97









C`Q
2P@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#$L
C4P+#`P


30W.T5X8VAA;F=E)B
Q-#@[*2X@5&AE



30V.W







V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?
M

F4W83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5C
M-F4P.68W7V

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE

$5


]






M8F]T=&]M.BXP

Q


M.BXP

M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q





N(%-I;F-E('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M('5S97

B!R97-P

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
M
C`Q
2P@86-C;W5N='


@)#8L


#`P
7!T.W1E


#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!T:&4@


M9B`D.PY,S(@86YD(0U+#8P

M
30V.W



N(%1H92!#;VUP

@86YD('1H96X@:6X@='5R;B!G96YE

@=&\@=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@;W=N960@8GD@=&AE($-%
M3R8C
30V.W



#`P




T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT


2P@
C`Q


@9G)O




T1M87)G:6XZ

M

@9G)O;2!2

M/CQI/B8C

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


S$L(#(P
3$L('1H92!#;VUP

@9G)O;2!A(&-O
M;7!A;GD@;6%J;W)I='D@;W=N960@8GD@=&AE($-%3R!A;F0@;V8@=VAI8V@@
M=&AE($-%3R!W87

M=&AE(&%G9W)E9V%T92!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#
X+#@P
X@3VX@36%R8V@@-RP@
M,C`Q,BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#0S.PP


@=&AA=!W97)E(&]U='-T86YD
M:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

T1M87)G
M:6XZ



M='1O;3HN
#`P


M;3HN
#`P



L($EN8RX@86YO=&AE



T1M87)G
M:6XZ


M9GD^1'5R:6YG(#(P

@;V8@
M)#DL




M8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







(%!23T-%141)3D=3

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

M.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

38P.U1H


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M

@8V%N;F]T






#`Q

02`R






30X.R!A;F0@)B

M)B






@86YD





@

N($AO=V5V97(@;F\@=')I86P@9&%T
M92!H87

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


#`Q





C`Q
M
2!F
M:6QE9!S=6ET('1O(')E8V]V97(@)B

Q-#@[(&%L




#`@8GD@1%-$(&]N($IU;'D@

3(@


T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT

C`Q











M;&5A9&EN9W


T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN



M
#`P

C`Q
M





M86QL96=A=&EO;G





N(&9R;VT@86YY(&%N9!A;&P@
M;&EA8FEL:71Y+B!/;B!*=6YE(#(W+`R
#$R+!);FYO=F%T:79E($)E=F5R
M86=E($=R;W5P($AO;&1I;F=S(@F(S$T-SM)0D=()B

M34



Q

M

M9&5P;W-I=&EO;G




#`P


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

#$R(%!L86EN=&EF9BP@1%-$($Y%5%=/4DL@3T8@04U%4DE#
M02P@24Y#+B`H:&5R96EN869T97(@)B




M(&=R;W5P(&]F(&1E9F5N9&%N='


@:&%V92!B965N(')E8V5I=F5D(&9R;VT@36-+
M;WDL($UO;V1Y(&%N9!0;W=E;&P@86YD(%!O=V5L;!H87
@9FEL960@82!C

@9&5F875L=&5D(&AO=V5V97(@0FEA
M;F-H:2!H87
@9FEL960@82!-;W1I;VX@=&\@4V5T($%S:61E('1H92!$969A
M=6QT(&%N9!0;W=E;&P@86YD($)I86YC:&D@:&%V92!F:6QE9!-;W1I;VYS

N)B
Q-C`[(%)U;&EN9W



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W
M83@R93=A


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1R;SX-


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ+C`P

3(@+2!#

M/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP,#`Q<'0[=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y/CQB/CQI/B8C


#`P


3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N

M(%1H92!E;7!L;WEM96YT(&-O;6UE;F-E9!O;B!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P,3$@
M86YD(')U;G,@9F]R('1H92!P97)I;V0@=&AR;W5G:!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
M

M9B`D
3(P+#`P
6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I
M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP,#`Q<'0[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y/B8C
M

T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P



M8VEF:65D(&UI;&5S=&]N97
@9F]R(&5A8V@@9FES8V%L('EE87(@=6YD97(@

M:6]N86P@8F5N969I='
@=&\@16UP;&]Y964@9'5R:6YG('1H92!E;7!L;WEM





T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT




@;V8@=&AE(&-O;6UE;F-E;65N=!D871E+!%;7!L;WEE


M
PP,#`@=&\@)#0P,PP











2P@
C`Q
B!A
M;F0@
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:6YC=7)R960@)#$R
PP,#`L(&%N9`D
M
3(P+#`P


S
RPP
#`L(&EN

@;VX@

M
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q






@;V8@)#$V+#8V-R!F;W(@=&AE(&1I9F9E





@;V8@8V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K+B8C



@=&\@9&5T97)M


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;W1T;VTZ+C`P


M:69Y/CQB/CQI/B8C

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

2!L96%S960@;V9F:6-E('-P86-E<R!I;B!#;&EN=&]N


C


@82!S8VAE9'5L92!O9B!F



M
T0Q

3`P+C`E/B`\='(@86QI9VX]
T1L969T
M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]



M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P




&EN

M=&]M.BXP



B!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G=VED=&@Z



T1M87)G:6XZ

M;VTZ+C`P



\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#PO



T1B86-K9W)O=6YD.B-$0D4U

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C$V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H
M.C$V

T1L969T/B`\=&0@
M=VED=&@]




#`P





M
T1M87)G:6XZ


M:'0Z

C$V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$V

#X@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R

BPS-S4\




T1B86-K

T0R
38@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

38R+C


#X@/'`@86QI9VX]




&EN(#!I;B`Q+C5P

M
#`P


#`P


M:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

N-C5P=#MT97AT+6%L
M:6=N.G)I9VAT/C$R+#

M;&5F=#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C@W('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS




#`Q


M97AT(#$N


M.BXP

N-C5P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
M/C$P+#
Q

M('=I9'1H/3-$




T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN


RXV-7!T/B9N

#`P
M

M:#TS1#(X-R!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
C$U+C(U


#`P
M

3MP
M861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1M87)G:6XZ
M


RXV-7!T



#`P


S5P=#MB;W)D97(Z;F]N
M93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.F1O=6)L92!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N-7!T.V)A8VMG



M+7)I9VAT.C

M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


#`P


T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT

M='




M*2P@82!

M;VYT:'





C(L(#(P
3(N




T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P


#`P



3$
L
M(&$@3F5V861A($QI;6ET960@3&EA8FEL:71Y($-O;7!A;GD@*'1H92!#;VYS

M=F]I8V5S(')E8V5I=F5D(&9R;VT@=&AE($-O;G-U;'1A;G0F(S$T-CMS(&-U

@;V8@=7`@=&\@
M='=E;G1Y+69I=F4@:'5N9')E9!D;VQL87)S(@D
BPU







@=&5R


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;W1T;VTZ+C`P

M
34L(#(P







M('=I=&AI;B!A;GD@





T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT

M:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P



T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN


2!E;G1E<F5D(&EN=&\@82!D:7-T



M='





M:69Y/D]N($IU;'D@-2P@
C`Q





2!A;GD@;W1H97(@87!P<F]V960@9&ES=')I

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP





M86YY(&-H;V]S97

M;&4]
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


M




T1M87)G
M:6XZ



C`Q



M

#L@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&%C8W)U960@=&AE(&]B;&EG




2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&%C8W)U960@
C`L
#`P+#`P
M







T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


BP@
C`Q




#L@5&AE

B!M;VYT:'
N)B
Q-C`[(%1H92!#

@;V8@



M
2P@
C`Q


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;W1T;VTZ+C`P


















3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]





T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#XF

M.BXP

C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S
M=65D(#
Q+#4P

T1M87)G
M:6XZ



M='1O;3HN
#`P



M;F







3`@=')A





M5&AE(&YO=&4@8V]N=&%I;G










@



M875S97




#`P


T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#X\



M='


M2G5N92`R-RP@
C`Q
B!I;G1O(#
L-S4P+#`P

#
R+B8C
38P


T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN.VUA



#`P
M





T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT

30L(#(P
3
L($%S:&5R



#L@069T97(@8V]N=F5R

!R96UA:6YE9!O;B!T
M:&4@2G5N92`R-RP@
C`Q

M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

M:`V+`R
#$S+!#;VYT:6YE;G1A;!C;VYV97)T960@)#4L
#`P(&]F(&ET


C`Q
B!I;G1O(#$L-38W+#

M
#
R+B8C


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

M-V$X

O4VAE970R


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$


M3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SH@0F%S:7



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




T1T;W`^0F%S:7

M;&4]
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L


M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N







M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W
M931?


O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


\+W1D/@T*


#`P


T1M87)G:6XZ
M




M=6ER97

@;V8@87-S


V93`Y
M9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?


O4VAE
M970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

T0Q


#$R/&)R/CPO




M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

M:3Y#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]I/CPO8CX\+W`^(#QP('-T




T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN






S$L(#(P




@=7`@=&\@)#(U

2P@
C`Q
RX@070@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$@=&AE(&%M;W5N='










24-)15
Z($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@86YD($%L
M;&]W86YC92!F;W(@1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]




M='1O;3HN
#`P








@




@



@8W5S=&]M97)S



M96-T:6]N(&5F9F]R='

2P@
C`Q
B!A
M;F0@
C`Q


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W


M


2!R;W=S




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]




M/B8C

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P








M7V5C-F4P.68W7V
T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]


]

]
M

M.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

T1M87)G
M:6XZ















F

M;3HN
#`P

#L\+W`^(#QP('-T




T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




T1M87)G:6XZ

M;VTZ+C`P

T1D

T0Q
#
@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

M1#(T
B!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ.#$N-G!T.W!A9&1I


T1M87)G:6XZ

M


#`P



M8F]T=&]M.BXP

M
B!V86QI9VX]




T0Q
#
@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M;CIJ=7-T:69Y/CQB/CQI/B8C

V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T
M-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P.68W7V
T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5
13X-B`@(`@(#QT

M86X]

#$R



6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM
M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP,#`Q<'0[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y/CQB/CQI

M:69Y/CQB/CQI/B8C

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97
@
M:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($9!4T(@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
@


M($%30R!4;W!I8R`X
34M

M('=I=&AI;B!T:&4@9W5I9&%N8V4@:6X@5&]P:6




#L@06YY(&-H86YG92!I



@;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI



V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T
M-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P.68W7V
T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5
13X-B`@(`@(#QT




]


]

]
T1P

]

T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P




M)B

Q-#8[(&1E




M(&]F('!R;V1U8W0@9F]R(')E87-O;G

#`P
7!T

M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

@9F]R(')E9'5C=&EO;G


@86YD(&EN8V5N=&EV97
L(&EN












M24-)15


T0Q


#$R/&)R/CPO



6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM
M8F]T=&]M.BXP,#`Q<'0[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIJ=7-T:69Y/CQB/CQI/D-O<W0@
M;V8@1V]O9'

M:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


M.BXP




M(&-H87)G97




M;F%L(&-H87)G97



M7V5C-F4P.68W7V
T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@







3$V+#`P
B!T:&4@

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P


M97AT4&%R=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A




M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M









#`P




M97

@





T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P


#`P


30V.W

@96YD960@
C`P
M.2!T:')O=6=H(#(P
3$@87)E(&]P96X@=&\@97AA;6EN871I;VXN($%T($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

M;VYS+B!87-E9!O;B!T:&ES(&5V86QU871I;VXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1I





M=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A









M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN
M.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


M.BXP


L
M(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@;F]T97


M92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='











M24-)15

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\

M4&]L:6-I97


M


M:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P



#`P


M;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

@:6X@=&AE
M(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97,@*8C
30W.U53($=!05`F(S$T.#LI(&1E9FEN97
@







@9&5P96YD:6YG(&]N('1H92!O8G-E

@96UP;&]Y960@:6X@=&AE(&UE87-U


T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P



M=71S('-U8V@@87



T1M
M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HR


M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M;G!U='


M:6%L;'D@=&AE(&9U;&P@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@87-S970@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71Y

T1M87)G:6XZ

M

M

T1M87)G:6XZ

M+C`P

M/DQE=F5L(#



M


M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

M

O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


]

]



]

T1M87)G:6XZ

M;VTZ+C`P


@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S




@


@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P


V93`Y9C=?8S0W
M8E\T-#9C7S@W931?








M4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SH@26YC;VUE

]








M=&]M.BXP


Q







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A




M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]

]
T1T97AT

]


M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M
T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N


M=7-T:69Y/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


M='

@;6]D96PN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B


#$R(&%N9`R,#$Q+!M;W-T(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B

N(%1H:7
@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!O9B!S








24-)15
Z($YE=R!!8V-O=6YT

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


\+W-T


T1T;W`^3F5W($%C


M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P






L(&5F




N(%1H
M92!I;7!L96UE;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES(&%M96YD960@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!G

38P.SPO

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P



@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N(&]R(&%F





T1M87)G:6XZ
M


M)B

M;3HN
#`P

#$Q




@;V8@:71E;7
@
M;W5T(&]F(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE

M92`R






M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


]




]
T1R;SX-

@;V8@9FEX960@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

T1M87)G:6XZ
M


M)B



T1L969T/B`\
M=&0@=VED=&@]

3@Q

T1B


3XF(S$V,#L\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P
R!V86QI9VX]



#X@/'`@86QI9VX]

M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P




M1'=I9'1H.C$X

#X@

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT


#`P
M


#`P
7!T



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B
M7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A

X+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M

S$L(#(P




M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P
7!T/B8C


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T1W:61T:#HQ
#`N

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P




T1M
M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#XF(S$V
#L\+W`^(#PO

M


M97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


T0R('9A

M:61T:#TS1#
Y)2!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HS.2XS

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!V86QI9VX]

T1W

24@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T

2XW-B4[8F]R9&5R.FYO;F4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#HC1$)%


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;W1T;VTZ+C`P
#%P=#XD/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R-4@=F%L





24@=F%L:6=N

2XV)3MB86-K9W)O=6YD.B-$0D4U

R4@


M:#TS1#$E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C$N-S8E.V)O


M)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]


&EN)SX@/'`@

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#Y
97-S
M.B!A8V-U;75L871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


&EN(#$N-7!T(#!I

#`Q


T1B

T0G8F]R9&5R.FYO;F4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IS;VQI





M8FQA8VL@


M8FQA8VL@



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P




M;W1T;VTZ9&]U8FQE(&)L86-K(#(N
C5P=#MB86-K9W)O=6YD.B-$0D4U1C$[

T1M87)G:6XZ

M;VTZ+C`P

M
#`P


3MP
M861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1M87)G:6XZ
M

#%P=#XF(S$V
#L\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT


M8F]T=&]M.BXP

T1B;W1T

T0G8F]R9&5R.FYO;F4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3ID;W5B;&4@
M8FQA8VL@

M=&]M.BXP







M344@5$%815
Z(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@9&5F97)R960@


M

S$L(#(P







B!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z



T1C96YT

T1M87)G:6XZ

#%P=#MT

2P@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+W`^



#`P
7!T



M;&EG;CIC96YT97(^/&(^1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R)2!V86QI9VX]

T1W


#X\+W1D



#X\+W1D/B`\


M135&
3MP861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@


3MP
M861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@

&EN)SX\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)2!V86QI9VX]

T0G=VED=&@Z
BXY)3MB;W)D97(Z


M/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP


M

M.#@L

R4@

N



M

M
C0E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HR-XU-4[8F]R
M9&5R.FYO;F4[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3IS;VQI9!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=#MB86-K


M


B4@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M:61T:#TS1#(E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C(N.24[





M

M8F]T=&]M.BXP

&EN(#!I
M;B`Q+C5P=`P:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M;W)D97(Z;F]N93MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.G-O;&ED(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T.V)A



M=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#XH,3@X+#`U,2D\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M
&EN(#!I;B`Q+C5P=`P:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


&EN(#!I;B`Q
M+C5P=`P:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

T1M87)G:6XZ

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ+C`P
#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/B@R-BPS


B4@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


&EN(#!I;B`R+C5P=`P
M:6XG/CPO=&0^(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#(E('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL



M=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#XD/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M86-K(#(N


M9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P


M/'`@86QI9VX]


T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-PT*



]

M:60]

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M86QI9VX]

M;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP





#`P
7!T/B9N8G-P.SPO





T1P

M.BXP


T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL

M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP




M:61T:#TS1#0T)2!V86QI9VX]



T1M
M87)G:6XZ




3MP861D:6YG.C`^



M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

M=VED=&@Z
C
N

#X@/'`@
M86QI9VX]



#`P
M




M=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#XD/]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R
R4@=F%L

C
N
R4[8F%C:V=R;W5N9#HC

#X@/'`@86QI9VX]



#X@
M/'`@86QI9VX]


#L\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT


#X@/'`@86QI9VX]
T1R






M;&4]







T1B;W1T









6QE/3-$)V)O


M9&EN9SHP)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]


#`P










M(&)L86-K(#(N

M/'`@86QI9VX]


T1M87)G:6XZ
M

#%P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/BT\

#L\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT


3MP861D:6YG.C`G

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15
Z(%-C:&5D=6QE

M86X]

#$R



]

]
T1P

]
T1T97AT/CPA

M:61T:#TS1#$P





M/]T9#X@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG.C!I
M;B`P:6X@


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;BUB;W1T;VTZ+C`P

RXV-7!T/B9N8G-P.SPO

C5P=#MB;W)D97(Z;F]N93MB


M)SX@/'`@86QI9VX]



C@W('9A



M+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0R

M=VED=&@Z
38R+C

#X@
M/'`@86QI9VX]

M:6=H=#XS


T0G=VED
M=&@Z




M+7)I9VAT.C
N-C5P=#XR


T0R
38@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

38R+C

34N
M

&EN(#$N-7!T

M

N-C5P=#XR

3MP
M861D:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1M87)G:6XZ
M


RXV-7!T


M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

N

M9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP

N
M-C5P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT/C$R+#

M/'1R(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
C@W('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O



&EN

M=&]M.BXP



M1#(Q-B!V86QI9VX]

T1W:61T:#HQ-C(N
S5P=#MP

T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN


RXV-7!T.W1E

3(L

3MP861D
M:6YG.C!I;B`P:6X@


T1M87)G:6XZ
&EN


RXV-7!T/C(P
M




M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T1M87)G:6XZ

M;W1T;VTZ+C`P



3`L



#`P
7!T.VUA

M;CHP:6X[;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HN
#`P



M.BXP

N-C5P=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M('=I9'1H/3-$






T0R
38@








T-V)?-#0V8U\X






]

T1)1#!%1D0^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@



T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN




M0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?


M:&5E='
O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]



M+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W+U=O



T0G




M/3-$

M1R!03TQ)0TE%4SH@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L92!A;F0@06QL;W=A;F-E




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?


M:&5E='
O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H




]
T1T97AT/C
M





]

@;V8@=F5H:6-L
M97


V93`Y
M9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P.68W7V
T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5)1CX-



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$V+#`P
M



]

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L.#
W/'-P86X^


#EF-U]C
M-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO

L



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W
M83@R93=A







]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B
M7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W83@R93=A



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13




M

T0Q/CPO

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/DYO=BX@
S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q


C`Q

#`Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]
M

]
M

]
M

M86QI9VX]

M;7`^


]


]


]


]


2PR-3`L

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T


M






M9VEO;G
@0F%N:RP@86UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






RPS





]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0R+#4P


]



T1T;W`^0V]N=&EN9V5N




























]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W
M931?


O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


#$S/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L
M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`R
M

]
T1T:#Y.;W8N

M=X@,38L(#(P,3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q


]



]
T1N=6UP/C@N








M97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S(L




#`E

M-#@N









M1&YU;7`^-34N


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]

















]


]


]


]


]








M92P@0V]N=&EN96YT86PL(&=A:6X@;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D\

]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R

3(N



]


]








]














]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


]


]























]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU







]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#@Q+#(U
#QS

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L


]



V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

F4W
M83(W#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5C-F4P.68W7V
T




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C8L
M
S



M

C8L
S






M5$%815
@*$1E=&%I;'

T1T;W`^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S




T-V)?-#0V8U\X-V4T7S(W.#=A.#)E-V$R-PT*



]

M:60]




M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(V+#
S


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C
Y+#(X




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C7S@W931?

F4W83(W+U=O

O4VAE970U-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#8L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`P-RP@
M
C`Q



]

\

]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P

]
M

@*'9A




]

X+#`P


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]M





]


]

]
M



]


]

M86QI9VX]


]








M1&YU;7`^
3$P+#`P


]


]

]
T1P


]


]


]


]


M


]


S`P+#`P


]


]

]
M

M97



]

M;7`^
3















3`T
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]





]

]

M92!C;VYV97)T960@:6YT;R!S=&]C:R`H86UO=6YT*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@








]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#`T-RPV









]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P


]

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L-3`P/'-P86X^


2PR-3`L
#`P/'-P86X^







]








]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`P-RP@
C`Q

]
T1P










M='







34R/'-P




S


]



]


]

]
M

S@L.#`P/'-P86X^






S@L
#`P/'-P86X^



]



]

U

]
M







#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO96
V93`Y9C=?8S0W8E\T-#9C
M7S@W931?







M1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$







M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#(W+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]

]
M




]


]


]


]


]









]






]


]


]


]


]


]
T1R



]
M

]


]


]


]


]




]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-3`P




]














]


]







]


]


]


]


]


M96UE;G0L($YE=R!!9V4L(&EN=F%S:6]N(&9E92!P97(@8V%S93PO=&0^#0H@









]


]



]









]
T1R93X-B`@(`@







]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]N

















M;7`^-2PP
#`L













]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`L






M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E8S9E
#EF-U]C-#=B7S0T-F-?.#=E-%\R-S@W
M83@R93=A




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

M/3-$=&]P/D9U='5R92!M:6YI;75M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S92!P87EM96YT

C`Q



]

3(L



L(#(P
34\


T1T;W`^1G5T=7)E


]


3`L


L('1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



'0O:'1M



]

M86X]
T0Q/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S








S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`P-BP@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#$U+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

3$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`S

]















]





]
M


]
T1T97AT

RPP




R+#4P



]








]


]

]
M


]


]






@8V]N=F5R=&5D/]T9#X-B`@










]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

#



]


]


]


]


]



M










]


]


]


]




M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T

M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^

 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostPolicyExpensedAdvertisingCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_RecognizedRevenueDistributor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccountsReceivableDistributor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ShippingReimbursementsRelated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdvancesRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdvancesRelatedPartyRepaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdvancesRelatedPartyReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AcquisitionOfFixedAssetsFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdvancesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AdvancesFromRelatedPartyShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_SAmountsReceivableRelated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReimbursementsToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_AccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CommonStockPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_EstimatedUsefulLivesFurniture'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_EstimatedUsefulLivesEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_EstimatedUsefulLiveVehicles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_BadDebtExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LossOnSettlementOfAccountsPayable1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_LossOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_GainOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IncreaseDecreaseRelatedPartyReceivablesAndPayables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReclassificationOfAccruedSalaryToCommonStockPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ExtinguishmentOfRelatedPartyAdvanceByIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReclassificationOfAccountsPayableToNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForConversionOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReverseMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_NonCashConsiderationPaidForAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_CreationOfDebtDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReductionInDerivativeLiabilityDueToConversionsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_fil_ReclassificationOfAccountsPayableAssociatedWithReverseMerger'

^'Q&F19QF*Q=



Z
M
(HRUSZ)Y^$@QTWGI7

0EYL0K8`DBR+BG3DAJW32



L_NR%.R?:N:`#ZWQS&=B@#G[X





M7ZO4


;K/;U_7$JQH=EF#RTW90E*:Y1:B
MUU_*2I3!-$X=+RYI--P`GZ1B;&??;)$X?\O=2YA6@RJZF'5E\WAS^=5R:?
M`7,'WI"$C@BE;@C[):A$E#G[\2+*SA80'Y0PU$W$DF@9V?@:%OD%7CU3H\
X<3OHMX.C3)';Q-%4A_M]8VCNAK!;@:NS+[7E



M_O
VP^\G/MK
E0J7FM^W(S5
MO1[[6HC%HMMQX&:O!E3!]YA(=RGTL)Y8CXZU@@8/#Q'O#0T_!KR&7N[-RS#
MZHX&$D],O3FW*A%K#\.);P?+&A+?MT#3ZNN6GK*3Y`]A6&&-VWDVK'QJA-5
M-=9NY5
U0B*

XDUS_AB`3%QY`85C0L<;\

MEWOCA\R=1CCP


3VD.]2?*-O

M:TGXUK`?8Z^-X#6P5Y!^*TNHU)DSZS0HNH:I]P;&`8W`FG+8SK%ADZQ^H56Q


$H




MFNEOIUO6IHBETM!9C48&NI&=-#.+QKX#/XQGOS\:*7&JA&+N.;)\`=Y8]ZU1
M[A&R[90S$`YF/-+UH:FH=






;A%CS-BOCV&A=:5ZTLD)6R*UE:C=D4



%N)H^N
1CUU$

M1L8U73-90$#1+26Q*2=Z

M'L*NJ.XZN

MZ`X

S%/.7+26&[I^9K1

:E2:DWY%!
P2
8'NYB@(W]/


QS;Q;%RUXZ6@^$H-ISZ


MOQ6

/DE1R^PU/ZM5M]0U*;N


-CT


!;5]3YU0T7-92H



M0SQW[K_!UU.YL_6&QZVOW=IA
`4=



M'ZY#!`^79\`

M75@


MX*!S*X\BDJ#


L3L%)N/9@/0(N)6%_)%FW%_PFP]T!3HWE0SPUWU!0V?X\Q;<,9:
M0GF*-_!3U8'E<3I'2AJHIP^;#GER)['@?T669$?CE

M25Q



M39@6FH\ON@-$=?Y@I$3$#)'-B'Q`C8'
!:HK/#

M3

M




AK`22&I*`XA`J

0O%YN^C=KGN;Z<7CU^)GVG@)@?!8'
M:-BR0+$

Q1(9V($LS;#*


T(*
M=JE`!!%
B?\5@HKK8$Z
[3U*G8TH*


O[-#2'41W$ZY7

H
&78#







E-9SJ,^+PC^^FPE<E=#-
MI(E/P-@LDX/48

H??CW?

OES7Z`K







@JJ*:F1PT0FJYKB+U`#Y(-EKJ7[=^?/'JP]6

MBF'0I
]R#(?

9T6
M:20&\T%K%5.`B\%:XZF:6PG




MK+3AG)+;:V(H
N8Y\$-]?CQL]//ZGC`EDK8@UJLC/)@MPJ%P^(`J/%/RPDHJ
M-'F_*A
8I5+PJ$M#
A:5`=G1R`UH56)6YQ2LXND(K`\
Y\%/G^`_V7T:QM^]

MB+4!)7EQE5\J0)02_W$(/)-9DG0*;!W-'%*)=`5[*\HEI:GOJNDQ=13CH;90


M)2I.?XO5KY@'4FTS(SS*6&3TC`HV
BO\5%V
AJ_*


ITI!Y`V_&M.SQ`@;RKH:I!6B

M_RZ86J2H84FC.LF3-0CL$Q%K(4S1/JM2L937),K%[QYJ&*C`5F(6.U\WZ3



M5Z)'XY@)QX\3/9E)P+=GDUJS;%)R0DYO


FKR^!H@H%:DBGA
3H0



9-.C?EE%4]YDZ\.280?*[
GI$]M+


$H&8-0QU`$Z`?#Q2?FQ$28@D%&L]&

M&K6O
4[VG`]6L!U&


MRNCE;W!MD4*UV5





_39)HK

E2?7S'&V5&2LLH)07SHRS
9




MQ_@IU@A'W!?J26%AK]Z1211FI`2L4#%#ELJ0Y6)7C+PZ479/64DT9)!P7J9L

MO9K?;3X[0*V1A35*


]7

M6O8\E$60*OBO7^^



H1-1G62QM3@;;L*IF


PXD
MAH19V2



W`%!V[3P
MU0B6&WE#(9N]X$B9=R\B3:FT/Z.=P]FF=4OL)/=M@ETTLLU-]N:\8Y[9K6R@

7=8/HKX
G
!=(#I'P;
M2=`S^A1?VD@$


X)B!Y3=:.I


CDRX+EK6U4PF)#V7*K;_?4Y')3\0KH]4OR0.IY





6M85XQ
NX/AAY
/V&&*``@Q0LA?G#C%
M5EHDT=;J,&D]RV'R&=M&.-E3TR6@WTRJXH)1?:OT^A)4WON+F;HRWC%9IVG
M;!;7EO.
*=^]\HWE_&)VP(#

MX:+/[(U;DK]I=FI-
'U+SMD0B^YKS9&_@F]QG'&!Y@82`W)&TGGCUWJ='A^Q



/4G7IY0[L*H^J([
UKKY;!!%;;`&V

MT&Y12=)$%.Y=3Z/V

N



MM2[-N]!@
H99L47VIE?KM=L@OH('NGK
W3/?T6LNLD-GA)=:6:=+*S.JR4UR
M6


+=4S4O4_ZDK%CSZ]B]/G-MW
-
Y

/S!T3`8

B?9(CJ_='B+'Z78X15AA2T';F7'


MI$?+]3C-D1['?KO6[
U(CUGA42X[G

MR[C@_=I)H^$(6$I:M*:9O(QT:=7\5F.Q=`'Z/SI(EUW8PFY(EV9CGGAII0O$
MB\N$*B^&M1V^BH@$Z8]83E7BDBRP3TI%C#NAG&6GC142
[V:WVX5N5[(B&\W
MCDN-$Y

M3?:D[R50]+'=/2;X,=.59KW#C_[.KSA7=S^K\7KQG\^TMB17HI)B8&!$
@






6'_[J%C
*89'_=A+OEL0.&Q3E^E#N#B[Z
M


)X)$5@?OK0M57EF'D-QKE
<MKVPQMKTA7L80

M;`49)O$OTDV`#@1T*Q(DM[BHV+]M0:[*C8.VSALX[-U[N-[:4MX;_K3/G_
M*M)1@&6RRN^]

C_XQ[N</(2R?9[L8&UJRNUN[6WGT&VX<M^UV$NVN]+$'N
<ZSR8S;=JNV632]@NHRJ+<S%TRX[:0FKI+VU]+

MCK[)_MU\

ML

3S1G4:^?F]HOSV4`8T&7\WF$[NDY2@




1TZ5;4N3`0WND-C9EH%
MN`/E%&$M3*(04N]E;%0(D@G(?;-Y)Z:NLD5]Q:\38)TP4O#]A9$V&6$RJY
MN1

MIV-@NA/-G!@!WDY`WLC.F.'0ZB)`Q^=*#FIU*\^C^#CF5Q'M!%/-RHHSWB0)


LTBGHTG'
M-1S)UA
M(0XY?N_T*O_B?&$/B+^P;6BQ2U'W!Y5^*^Y
3JW%LR`*&%.&78A!VD^D(Y&]




MOQ7W033
=1:;3S%XZ6HHDDK8UK9=:QUW\NZL&8.##96

Y=N(

[`S@/Z9_:Z`&?M%*=!HK
MA1R4

;8TGK2/9S4_^WB)(L&]1TWM]D)L!Z6LY@R:8
MO

9_H


M]TQ


2H2HO
MVZ/;]N*V2X$NV/92/2FEYP[P^TM+?=PJ-*`V;4T[X([:1AKC9'SKX=L-$?


M!8%W'ZI^S$I!08`Y)A2.'6&JS;]0+G.?8Q!
ZAM`4R`9P$*P-J:#.*DT/%R-


M+#!%E-[Y9C_L
SYQSPYF1E2UM`H38[8NZ#_=PIHE[DO%[MI
5CO.G4NHU6

!K4O

YWQT6(TX*36[K4]F5!3C3I+$Z<<
0+VKRU'T'D2





^G7K-%MAH



[&_Y=0WI93*A];;/
C
6*L`D)`IT;PU)'XB`1(

FN:/C0)OHN8TY]03')A
M#[T_:!%Q0!J!TMLH4*B
E'&$(C




ML8`%,85/.&M(Y[$ZY4C@DC73;Q](RIC6-/)%B?H!+JPND5-TLJSA6JM0

*-=8M)[-N1GAKN(R]BIDVO49(9L


)`V`G[G#D3_!(U
8^G#]V72-KG_
M]E^*Z0LX44+

\
$*8



$



(_IX
[A9P`CR946M(9




P.33?CU5N*5
MA`G@+H56?;[JH/G8LD.*G63:^8$#2B:



M'!@`ZN/X2&:PAS%'WPI+#M%5)T8[)F&;9KYPO8J#(NL4WOR#N[^OSY\N;S


MD('78C@4]'YCH9NFB$'-4.N49D69MIMVA#82/*O5:61V1!:-IA*31\7^D8T
M;@+[;E&QD:T%Q]W/





HXD
M2X'4P&7`CW!GM\F#4
$9UDJX/$6^)M_(/C`&$KG4V]`7-?
IO$F
$E$EOG-G
M_`1;[MHHN?03V+E6A=PW[W*=Z.T;%L'XD:M10P3;%2KA*:-%9??*4V+365




&/U0
M
T4H:&B-IB


.O]2YX
56ZM=M3






MXH56H-DM#[AD'LV'-/DNTE^Y8YTN/7OI])Z7K!
N;$7O-B@VT(JZ[RH=$X(1
MY*K
$%$MY`!7@7G19B),<(3X0$FX21;#'E`CA2*?N$


M@(++LM0RHTA@@7R--Q@[L(^4)BL(K2.(J2IL`)\/4N_=&WC'-'ZA6KGQ_5-&
M(


.8W%:SZJ#,K3-38=?L<D[CR#&Z#2*)+R\[MWDX@6XNW=*







MZ)&+3/A
F?GZ7=LI4&VM?C1CZ:R_\(F#'KFE?S$9(72@7X9SP.YX$*Y*QA

#=?P(PH1`K/BC`QTYB$`CH:Y7S&
M4._K9W9I@]V:771.];[%



M[XO#
G)3
+*Z%NR3$1`PKXUVT\I/LO^


XL!5&1G1:K

`B)]

MB@TR\)\
L9BX1(TZDV4U9%^



#1TI#22VL&-A7IX8WRP
M::#%-QUNBK]P



M;'W39-F@#PEGHC4

M2G4&E=

_J;9($[C






MO3/5DEZ^-







)811+#


-X0T/EPSZ3@[&K6OQ



XK;5$-

`H&:P@6&/\IF4Z\=Q\O/U[]0J,A]8X$O)8'
M+%Y2:<Q4*D5'.4F;P&2E(-3<#./*F8.-@N==XX2

--=Q@NYI8P-


ME]@:)@9Y@]H+*Z%
[0@1HOWP

W<8N4_$B%QX?:&THR%
MGUO8:?)CG_!C-)KL





UBIJ#0N&^_BG%
M12\WTIT1PM(@AT[*PHD2[1!PH

S*EX&]06(!0/PLE@+5#T'#@024B8T'20[A1)VI


MQT+05S)0M0T(K6X;M^Q!GH03+(


HD-2_0DPY-.6#;'=Z0@)

M_GCUP0J5#ENQ-+#C,RH1U=+X:)$M42E`IYT]2'0]BX$X3T/XTY%Q6%?LU9


MJM4.)

R@?F_0ZF

'10(DVY


W&(I#69I*72

M!M07'@W:1@LC*LA]3+8/3UP)N-%OU'L]!K._H7E__82N0KQCHPA.DG'%6'
M#]P*DP0Y4-$YCBF9W&*5;8Q*GC4U2@92TZ+23F0/
3
,:JJE
M/\4J,$RIJ=_#U*06K


;

;\NV!JD:*&



&&F6
MPS^3J&U/K#88@9H2$H_09X&
%'


MN!@%UHZM\:4

!QN?)=4R?
M?10
/)-



YCFP3&(^;4U5U*
M4

S)Z1
K?
.MP(D.)U\$



M!F`X

9+)-&79
MVYSDELI\:97AKE.7!B&Z-FZGA$H$

MY7FMZXVQI0RER






_GQVW6=&B0S.#PZV!C.2A^VK%?)T!`L/E([
M?#%G`:Q<0%YP@8B%.(9U..6C5901%?^Z.3#O&HQL@==4R4(Y&
-RY'J0IJR
MW-]]5#*7JMW%
3H60QM#<&+C(

MP@I$7DAJJ^J-T.8+#GBO76




ME_M




+D!5









LBEF



MG6-+$ZTTY:87/7.&1QU'@:^^:+R%+V*R.MGXS4Y/WJ8[SDK#S[)#5Q-+P?!J
M_U5/LH#M6\[MEUYJ]1EF;8J6S=#%-Y!



:J


3594V*ZR*CJS;Z?F5


;LNR!/WR]S
M
NY*]

ML
MUE3P+QB$HOT])!G]


M`$TRB^D#]^M:


MN


0'?!2LIG&?AZEK+GTNG




NF';%VNN35FONS#.US58]^M70JL/Z


M;*5C/G?6H@K0)68M^B6_#F3LND*B>I7WW;P)YB]&/4U76
M@@MG6699R


Q:/9VXV2V3D?-7CRDGE$AAYV+!Q$E!/]A59*
1F&V$


-(_?*2KZ



%Y


G.H.3L+CLO'3JC9!ITS_9?3)U%[F;Z`AE1[E1=(25R31WHALA
MT[

M6.!0+780=+M^CQ5HM1EH

MS(/__-/]9#)^_^NOCX^/]4STZW?)PZ]GE_\-Y]-H^


M__*KW-?
'B^VM




M5G09GP7CO;P

`E.7@(DAC4$O97EY.?A-[?RO$



MT


M@NFJR_.6+ZR)3+


M[\`_:JS
Q]BJ;!=VT%R9BIJ[P
0PY[<
MNAD+-P$4U5I@QN)GVJN:L0CLM!


GJ*BQ.A41OM(N[&#UQY_$P6Z-E8


]ADJ6M$/Q=`!V]]!:XGW*Z((T/())H(^


M1#GG

M9&5W;2TR
#$R
3(S

M.0$``-5=75/C-A1]WIWI?W#I`^W

+1/-
M.E)JR23\^TIF`PG8^4)$=U\2DLCWGGO.M70EV^+CI^DH
VY1SC`E9_NM@_?[


YOY`AD]9
M^7V/QF4\:[@T:EO(3XU9LX;\JM$Z;!RU#J8LF0.:XFS!38(FHRC'1#!+2A!1



M\U%Y\)Y1!G?*[\;H;(_AT3A#L^^&.4K/]J2_QLRXU.BGM6TW'R.*HRPNLO+K
MGOB\X!5-.2()2F9^90O&7*)JED%2[4ECCU:8:3B*/D/



M\(AI=\2W

O






WK
MD






M;R



9517&86RUXI.LFMV(5'&^PK[

M-_\#4$L#!!0````(`$1SCT):/#$$;B```!I1`@`5`!P`9&5W;2TR
#$R
3(S
M






@%






MC`6WJS+V?$2DE

(.
M*

:LTT
M'$=DG

N[QWE@;G-7/(1A^%.#N4

MR!1[2^%)9+J$!I!G#`*W8Q!/%^YS?!DS+[^+N+P&5$B
!;==
#'-8&.XYHY]
MLJ+A_J!0JQ3D]J0

Z9H:./==+
M5J1T?*)*$=(,^;R(`WJJ/=:;\:%54+:/!FNW`*'`Q!,F]G0PZ
8@MDE[
MV



M/@IN4[5[?+3
XZ-=M+V*RHKWE[2\M*1\4ZG%I8G&*8_4=LI4D^:TN#0)E8QN

#W-I%H'MX`[L\C\?B^M+(@0+F

MS2^\*(Z()

MV6W/H\]4^'VHR0$G0M%XM6/]^D@0?1!*8GI3(

?(YMS?2
MOP&.ZIL!`JPJ]-[?KH;PT8I_!Q^OQ`@!8ET$?4
1]'V#K&X=[Z7R[(O[BL%$

$)WZ3-M!&:V9KUW%IUE+4QI\O/5`7'LN




58Y6]MUW#-F9?647ZSKY2


1O5J'#9I

MHQCO:'?DI0@H)MLJAV4Z;#Z[1_`6]'.@\TFF\TG.16Z
MTAI\GLI`@'L8+WF!F:5\$1ZQI8JT2T:Q_L9[:3JR$]R7%(7
+8S7*/F.^+`S
M4TI?


MG-X9C!

M010OK\]D\J9)=^E*57%67!8'L


V#N:9S

M-AUFP58:SXU94+\6V)D_/CST9K]

QG?3R?VH




MX&D6:@Z6:Q8AX@:(Y19_CK0*=6Y\.
_5`SSWN1:`[0-]C_B3Y9WG663N.5;S

M:;#DWAHV#O
63)9Q
*GAC%SBXV#=Q@Z/JCK@.X&J(?`[Q@
RF%2[W8&KA#Z=


P
M;C`(E&LW%'QN/[OA-4[79VM
SXURQ8O32V,U]330NS8N-*OMRI%8(2@GV1




'I-E#\@$A\S;`-,.2+L&[]T':7G`X[ZL?6_P
%I
M/_78O1+8^_(:@ITRMO;'+SCM_XA6MNEPW[N0E=8/Z+VA:N]4=
N7UN_T-.WL

M@9GP'JW-7OE_

:;8VR6=,XQ7+_G6F\[JY,7EZIMFL$Z
M%\B'J`-1F84D2_H).7J`DSCB2#5OC4]1K[\LSDH`!AJGCG=HJ*]144=BPA8

E@VN/P
G18!+PPG`4A/0&/C2[
M?J^'KT1T:V


M05^.BKCF
M%3H&ZKUF@+]I9/?%B4YV'<G?56\^O2E3P6LVL\43]*/G01536A8YSF3&H%6

M.H2DD3/4W'GRP7AVC9)+ADA6#V)40&CD*%0V018F(RVF*P\9TQLYOU2?\\I]






M)-Q+&+DF1L;1&]:%Q36E@0]%$_=P^/I\+
##1UU!_]C
-1MUQHN@SI?7E`D!






M7@


ML'*RE4C50/:6=3LYU/+RP+'.




M8`L8#R[5$E_G*757B].UE]*6K)3A76[7QE]%?W@8+1Z&X\6\-Q[T)^
%G2V&
=+ZH_$4WEXE%0A2WTPXR<HSLQ?5G
M)05%A4=C%3FB[)(?72;
$'NL-TY1+'(_N64!\Y-C9.TG8V^!*@R0)*!XY&X-
M=O?I!ALN;\I0$`(
;6?

MQC\QN_YT/3(M;FV7MD=N$6\EJBBH
0EI\^O/ZB.=:'[PO

;R1YZ[C



SRIB01?#=7XQ7/L'KAGC)-
)WO@/4#_`&!WE








$%`````@`1'./0G2^
M97=M+3(P
3(Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``T!&;%%`1FQ1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y


M)DNC






C?(V3+?H]!3(


_

3J
M_`+^=RH_.X4?G;[_ZO3K]V]?\JA&Z)K$!\-$^'D;92ADDT8$4$


CE_6]_^]MW[+?UKVEW45%]7N_]7][Q7S:^)CWD5+*F



M=+2CK9CDWJ)[VK7H@/Z!DK1@-)`(9[07'&0)_:M

MEH9%&&:TYYO@E7(9WV3X?'7-AZ7T4+G3656L!R:MK!:!`6396+X8!N5!'&2O
MH%J\;T0/A^FA-K_A^NK




845/A0D]Z[
\3]+PAX88NO?0,=B`7RS%5(KUM=9<36TN-+!S
8\:7=.#AQCSU?S7
1GP
M#X-D?Q7QR1JT
CL\TANIGA
[J(XS^1W.GDC8.DGHOW=E#]VD.+.)VFFU=GG-


U>K](7\(C%LZ9J



M/%1D`3RG\Q8YBLH



ME

P3:F\77?\RV*7YMWG=ZYE+


T9%
M_R:-J='SQ^;J'3N)E%_5'KCQ[6WA)Y2&$G[Y2EAKX*P@Q9BK8)3F;4:V_M

M*-9EO`A#-K^W.




M6-QD:4+_&;*C77Z3QB1\Y7_JK&!P-];J/Y9PJYL.?D;[0='AJ+[I]5@!-17:




&S)@G

\-@!%OV8U68=L]']N!_[5$

E$+G5C

MXJ6OZW6M_:']2UOGX);7(]FK?-VE=PF9TL47!=++H/78I9F!^92&*O*.DO)Z
M0^7.'E)^+
D.3-8LX










M


VP5O=?CIMB_2+9L2_*H.%;:H.1O*=2AP4]9D=P




MU4AUD%K(!M

08\??/?/00Y!W=6=$P.*[)F




MP\5J5&Q+H^(SHDT.@[TUST-=7]MC2?K)L

MM[J]OSS[N+JZOE_=W2R^7]!_JY;MCB_MUNC^X:T6Y'W7B/6-1.?.5EY[VG7+


M;LD?I\O(!7K[H/7M-NNZO]2^L54




(C(TG:G/+D

UFB+LCD$4J

M9QDIX$5:O
U&DLLT\\E2!PC_H`#14



=8LPUSLG


Y)EETE!;SHYNPG`AZQ8B-I2QW=G:[C6C%C:L1@_?CV`#;2
&L@0^
]:



H






YU1ETI;;W-!\C(O\=!=D%_TGRU



T^#T6QD7W?6VAN2=\7?+I
+\H1AY=)#%(P[
MFJLDG()XJP`YT^IP5.3_VQ?]MA?9R#IQG1/NH8[?/Z=.5+SJ9SX-;Y(^EX+_


;G;Q01G.01N%IO:/+^J/(6U=.-0DBG
MZBO^`[9=5\FC&$G[52EAEP4V(V*)HL256$+S^H\#/BU+@]3L`
LWW.9G+.^8







;V;'P9$
:/YA8O8X.9P+D*`Y2.^
M+_/?PZXBCE4MWJG`H2L6\/$G'

M
_O8%Q




\F72-21D37(4^/FH:RRRQAW%5\=`NSH

G2=#6.NZJM#FK(T27#(MG$F@CU0

TN4;Z!O
MB!@!])/_ZH%%
<)
KYQ;DK#N6!HPW)



MB^7E^6624WV(.




LG`*S6
M!AR.66TWG@:VVDGD=


U?3
M^+2ZMX1>W6I_9_^DVC6T@\7]SJ


MUDV`C9I4_?JI*7ULMW-VZ00_IWOKB1Y$(#T^[G9@U3YQX*)J#VBC%U5_;E-A

9SU@M?$0MYQW!^7E)S:HST
BTM?VY
M:QB9=N^&]?2




T2&'+_AD&V8B.L#C#E`^
MZ]10=ZRT:@V7J+*&KD]=)(OJ)

5$$

^_9/$:/+XXD$/ZHGXC


.P(I?NH_ZTQ[!T#BH`?
'`9Q6/(;B@`^YT4@



M

YTP@Z&_%894







MTDONP%@


CY%T\(N
M;L6
'*MX%M#(6NJ9


MO:?7
=*\9#?]R5X:_#V?GR+R\B''/Y9\S7O`8;%0TH%7!-=_S+8I?FW^5Z.
M:59%V.Q$B-4^*H?7.X,NLN`9/:9I!TS'


SQG2;S1+G


M_-*K`#2C&:ZO^0/
:-Y:SXLD@K\@5]Q3$..JSJ0.GV76UDDM:&


8S]!=BC!\^M/*W2_^//J

^%='11H
AM'+W`)F
9\$

I7?:$0G=BD11A-M%R^K3I[.






,-N5/TD%)^
M!Z)33:]G,9TH*F9*6_U[.M(6RR@#VC7)$-EN,15&044<;.D=#M@)UE1KX6<Y
M:Y+2+S,I9NZ9
HAW@^I

@0I
R&E?I*L*9TVB.@CN0[:CN\`EW:/?0
2^NUQ_@
M#?^.K@A=GOG&5P[@C
IA[:*[^+
=M<&6/



M#1-YM$L;FRK:
8O&PN/


'^4@
MA_H)$F7QKOU+(C-



AG?9/A\=:TP



8D




D_17S
(C$E6;%]XUAU(;W$(V1T9/D1F


Q5?#
M4IP5+Z@

^:IXK^;ZU9;0DVB/[!SQWA'O'K'^?=$7(R'4HV$
M)V+2()@EI!_BCXSCXF#J'4P=J,@UGTT#`RBC(1!;\3SLL-WPJE8]B@LAJ48
MI;\M-JX9!2E5N7#/SP\0*^O`''3QB]Y&$VCF.^!`36=!CE^'5%%(?!A10)G
M'`$([P[2\2M6D4'-K=:0


M@:*K=60JMG6KR



M'5

./Z4B/#2D_Z8I@C



MU#$3_[
;G3$`T+S]!`4!-*1:W:CNK\__^(?KC\O5[9U




*Y;S5M!WQV/ZC7'I7!4ECOA






MZ&T=W.6JE!NF+=V/?K)FPSL41M+5&H$G%

M$8+J!7:8Z.R

MT-K#;7JR3TT^GGP;P^7CHT?*62A0SS+FH8I&?(KU?_%%D1W(K)5EW';.


%7?
M&&UUG$-(1'*QS-.\C)CR$&?6TGTVH6[R7(=%L0I\AP%^+!;R#4\R.6U.(3LV

DU?O*N?$(]?F*



.Y35F$.U]*#&%2IT;1UFW5'1Z+K!V;PC[
!&SEVM/B]

=


IBHB?P2K-8=N.(PV-HFXD@FGIF/C53033%8!?T
MPAW$`-SH1FEV?FH%U-018'4.$H!NWCFWKW$:^ID4(=LFLWM&#O6_Q(()-F





[QJY_18(%:%


M883:A4UB
=&;J@ZY8Z2=
][
G@DA^N`Q$9QU%#'F&418V0VH5B`#HR&H`XLK

M
^?6F+D.'MB9:NYF;F#L;KCSOP5OK(JR?C.@/$,)RRYCD\&9B]`Z_.$%UU

R__/`\(T6H1H6-%;SCU'L



`_D?2K
]])@&(:



MK':[O=+IB'2J@+L@^RD4:];)I%\1S69N5KCV?3H0K-W5P`546T.

M(T&U-8)0`+6-IF7J2KKWM-O&#+=^[:1N;GT@J^!^62X7.O1%#[H8597&;8O4

!AQFLKS:W4KY'&K2SEE^(BUIKG
3D81ECN-#BOQHK3)_4-2L
M2FXIDO=

MP(T_D1]P_H.J((A1




`&[
J;F`Z(



TS4R;R
M#:5R*^`F


Z+K7P:[-/\VKWMJ\A/TO'A!MP\3U2

$I_Y[JT7(B!2;]:<:
G7V
)KANDT/L)PY0Q\IDW#6`_6Z)?D/YQF.2`'_

M



MV/GTMTD'#S.!:H.W[%37`P0T:FJMKT

O9Y


^;`V].U
M9!4\^4FCCCNZ2+
[$2C;L=8.[
0^


M2V=AV-C:(H81:6




($\U/$!7SU[YHJYVX
M.N^%(R;9



M2+`QPZKC$X8[V\J^?=$E(P&T@_2TDS!K9&BZQ??!BUDMN\[/742`]A)BIT;0




9H027S[/7N[U71/TN.+`/ZRKWHTBV




[E=0=J





!E`%G



MW(+F35E\SHHKTXIS@CNQF+/=3*SB(G27LLMJ0_Y$H(@ZV2G*SFETTB%6-R-/

M

MG07)#R=B(7=E(XYX
2E


BYU;EI1S7UW39^4U8L+'1-Q\Q
M!%8$M:1_46T(7Q35B9R



W-&.12-QEV659'OF[T8L:\O2M2I3.
=

NUE&@\F.\PDLJ1);CG


:#`[1\EJ
M;2225A;K`2HWHY^Z9=M:

M/L%[5\/B
KF@$_\]#C)MQ43SCN:J9:$@WBKF84`]BW_U14/M13:RID7GA(^_
M
`8V!B$3]UJJAB$T?60QGH\9

HG`-GG2

MZ@2?UD6`$XP:S
O$*#4;^DV1:HR-GQ!
K4LF*JA:OU8Y@JO=XA#DT$Q=T_V=

=#T)%&T

MGBRQYG^GYV:'Z7[FD88)-*?YJ``97NL_ZP2&@OD&ZG((LZJ(EJEQ&ZB85!
M'`I\!.!Y:BB@@\




HOTOCZ%
`

1TI?=%J0;*HYW?


BCT.
(^8&N!38[NMU+7ECAPKJV[E`%)N19HGP

MNL9.N&*E-UZ\AQ_?K



U@3CN67)HDXL4ERPB#8
ML;I++M+?0XMQ'

MM]DY
TS5)HPW:
MND@9;4ZB96.-F&TK$WE.@;'/9<Z4[JL<R+C84B%]64'_3*(N3NG.IYZ%?`\


RK'#1LGM4LOY13`=@



=-'02M)2$'HUA^F
M.5L/M$-^Z=51W&!^ZV9L;#`S/J^2QX2L20C5!'BF.'A3@US:!E&)AHWM'U8'


A@-+R


\JIA;124




%4[




MO?JO__S3'__^;]?75V

M=6^M8Y@*YP

MVWJ#X&(97OU[YS^NWK]]^_'Z_=MW'Z[^9SS^]?O;[B^_WO_WQ_'_OKYZ?GY^

M+=Z0MC^\V17\YD]__


M=V^2/QZ5A@)Q]E@3?O^0$(P#TS`_(K^_V$R4,+A#:WT!KKHMV[@1O@A[O_
M6[[;\T





DJR8?]8
M+^Q]Z`'4(0-V$2#^;)$M923T1XJRP?^^9NN4&



M!N3'8P
K**@+)YENQ$0_I1R?@2NBPQR0A;M[EZC.E3$6D)@3#.*237%G84QL

#M+D^*@..R#?/`[CJG')RHJ!T5'1LOR1J+




44QL1Z5W2\79RF@?]$!`O0AA@%#BV9(J;0D-6+?Z2M


M
F6WA+Z.B'
VMT8Y)



+6&%(KRS


4!QJA\IYPZWLA'DR0*A


8L3F[NST

MZ00X'



K37[MSCEO@$_6\6-P5]..WN.C-


CL%R`B[S9&04P5I[!)#/'TO:!@RA



M@GB9:$L#*6G/HS@



MQW1I1.LUH%/AX+U`G.CW9AU=*$J/_-K;)V%&7OW]P#.D=QF&$6U84040_C


MK\`5E35`




LLX!P.Q;&JW-


'5\C.:%=C/Y

^/#WKX3$%`E!G@7S`;YCK&PD:ATX53)



=B;!^=&=LH

M`EAY.U%=9_X^]&W?*6'F%S5D\LPO!$B[IT@G9&^\V5Y3D9P+A%7T'/$2G3:;



G]7.
M:.[BF#\'VAP_0$V)HP]:CB:WUG#P3VLV&`VM8;?;FW8F@S']UZA_\S`=#'O3

MN^
4VZ/Y=E#:WB''-T
?CN:E?Z9AXR7!?=I/63[*.8ZMVNW5].'^WII\'O6G
M@]OAH#_H6


K96J_BA
%SX\43O

:XW:@(PD
M[4@OGJ`2_AY!EV[=#M`&]#X[V340.NCVC:.
3$VSQK@4%KH-\
'P4V\X&TT^

C#J]7G<POW!


MD^0'OG++FS7&!7KK-YQE0L%O;`SQ:)Z^;`+W:TK8EXD@@'!]+Q&XJ+H9_?
MR%H77NF&+

M/A$^HKE+%;FZYM@:22S


M`0TP7

4






#&R



`G/SK-N(!D
M1#'`V
T2QCB/F`PC[P[LJ_$U$6_
M+S+[\DV<-%+5C(##%H!K9HQ$?'']]U[&JT)S;3[YQBZW&JZ71PK?&5
&ZLF




FZ[
MO6EG
AC3?XWZ-P_3P9`

5


$L/L




Z[A:-:;CJW/
MULU=K[1IC-5HH_



70QP:+0V:)^^ZB\L6G


E


`HO*3:W$_.9IT
MSQE#@J;

MH-1R%)X[7][;]\NN'A(ZIIC0P



XEZ1%




I0$_082]+A.7-0SVK
M;@TW8`7?ES8PIY7
NX4
K^-HWR!CZ.@1KX#@(VSC$P^=6-)8(-1ATW2]GRO%=@XKVY



M$/BC^9S!!;^L]K@+U.1@7/4N]PD@3#Y)[P%+NW4R=;3'7$)M#O;5['390LC[



M+J\]VCGJ5O_6

M

?LE7U9T$:A




M6@;3E5)=MQ3TG=']_6!VWQO.IM:PVQD-9V1B[PT[@Q)3TDM\H]%EC81\[0JG



E_79)
)Y^PB*();6$M[V*54K_X4F7%[NJ/


6CR]32G@0IU:M/@B84




:P/SJN!NM`;(IJNVV/+@C#':VZ$(


M5T$Y)!]:NC:4Q5&-I8


MG(ZM[?4(2/K5F&@!


S8DU*X\B^Z1#$GDCBKXS%JFP<]6O?(+B[F=8`Q0+-H808<33*;2
M@&FTY`)2^:5&D4!).BR*(2NZ2;:FT9QD(*C\'J1XTK1(:AK&B$B&*J_$RG9


3(Q
C


MPMYUX_SDK`&@9V

)A@0[@0T=\+0&





H-^WUI`NK1LF)



M`'*NWV0W_F*&-N9YD]G;'!X?P::8`?./L0Q_,5:8OI7$'Z='J((8XXH-`9


.F.AZW?

M)08V'@Y8MA^6?'::UVBK4.S9.Z[8+1SWXQB^W0]B6-RAK!57C4^WG!6?O_&Z


&G2J_/2UD)(\BCR)9D/1#D&@AN+)?79
=SR*:QZ?%_OXDJ[%\HPWZ$

M`\GD/]=@$9$.Z9$?6;+%IAB`C:,[9K7T:)PM!A:A/7'/J(L:D1.O;;J^+(
M98XXPC08QUNK










HHHRP4I6

M
I29=-J6[8


MK9/B8C4+O?T@.HEQ
N[&*QAU;OQJ6_@?H

F6W4HL;!-YRLM^#)23A=H':9%XA9?#$
M248VN^SC2JYFDV)4)0WE5J%C)(&@6=_3^:H5FPK&HA1D*ONH\*A_;1K5;$XM


N)4]2G^9EX/`U<4[^(R=__J





M\A[ZMY^+]07VV)25K+.8;^

MJT(TL=6GC&01`C.4.231%9$QGF\Q&4.R0C:D:CUJ`A]5A1D\*;6G!VN&XJ26

T@*(S%!V'_IA[4@F6:R!

M?/H*S-Y8#M=[%/5D/!^V
H+U.PMY`Z_[PB\9A=A^D_YU

%DAEH9=ZY%J;AN

Z(5#(XWK+THJ;]9\'.;_#:8Q062=40:C

_OR2(4/D`RDT]-



M720F:3LCX$1\EY+]$(])XBMCSX


MI[N-X5A'G`[8S^8.:M5ZJY7'9K1@S543K[M=7,:5EO`?:OZUMQ7O(980KD



S

4!-W_)F'_@
=
M?I#4V`'T?!*ZPZH:J`

ML4*ZWTD-I)O1ONK8%5T'%[][0ZJGU+:F2C&2PO)AV$%A!$SC70&-PZ23ZP=
ME!'*VIU)'DQC9U!O5YHF:$VO!'21AK1ED[:WI`(+^$O8P:2`77





M/I)G`)D0*^4LCB=SUB_\N9#H/9'\4J:@









M``````$```D@=2%``!D97=M+3(P,3(Q,C,Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`4``T!&;%%U


M$0`8```````!````I('_*`$`9&5W;2TR
#$R
3(S


`
end











    
  
      

          







Future minimum operating lease payments
 2013

638


Future minimum operating lease payments
 2014

375


Future minimum operating lease payments
 2015

375


Future minimum operating lease payments
 2016

375


Future minimum operating lease payments
 2017

312


Future minimum operating lease payments
 total

075




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 most of the Company&#146;s sales are derived from beverage distributors located in the Southern region of the United States. This concentration of sales may have a negative impact on total sales in the event of a decline in the local economies.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash on deposit and money market accounts
 which are readily convertible into cash and purchased with original maturities of three months or less. These investments are carried at cost
The Company maintains its cash in institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;). Beginning December 31
 2010 through December 31
 2012
 all noninterest-bearing transaction accounts are fully insured
 regardless of the balance of the account
 at all FDIC-insured institutions. This unlimited insurance coverage is separate from
 and in addition to
 the insurance coverage provided to the depositor&#146;s other accounts held by a FDIC-insured institution
 which are insured for balances up to $250
000 per depositor until December 31
 2013. At December 31
 2012 and 2011 the amounts held in banks did not exceed the insured limits.




        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In May 2011
 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for common fair value measurement. These amendments
 effective for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is prohibited)
 result in common definition of fair value and common requirements for measurement of and disclosure requirements between US GAAP and IFRS. Consequently
In June 2011
 the FASB issued amendments to disclosure requirements for presentation of comprehensive income. This guidance
 effective retrospectively for the interim and annual periods beginning on or after December 15
 2011 (early adoption is permitted)
 requires presentation of total comprehensive income
 the components of net income
In December 2011
 the FASB deferred an effective date for amendments issued in June 2011 that relate to the presentation of reclassifications of items out of accumulated other comprehensive income. All other requirements in ASU issued in June 2011 are not affected
 including the requirement to report comprehensive income either in a single continuous financial statement or in two separate but consecutive financial statements. The implementation of this amended accounting guidance is not expected to impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Inventory costs are determined principally by the use of the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) costing method and are stated at the lower of cost or market
 including provisions for spoilage commensurate with known or estimated exposures which are recorded as a charge to cost of goods sold during the period spoilage is incurred.




        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On October 28
 2011
 pursuant to an Exchange Agreement (&#147;Agreement&#148;)
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (fka Convenientcast
 Inc.) the &#147;Company&#148;)
 a publicly reporting Nevada corporation
 acquired DSD Network of America
 Inc. (&#147;DSD&#148;)
 a Nevada corporation
 in exchange for the issuance of 40
000
000 shares of common stock of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. (the &#147;Exchange Shares&#148;)
 a majority of the common stock
 to the former owners of DSD. In conjunction with the Merger
For financial accounting purposes
 this acquisition (referred to as the &#147;Merger&#148;) was a reverse acquisition of Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. by DSD and was treated as a recapitalization. Accordingly
 the financial statements were prepared giving retroactive effect of the reverse acquisition completed on October 28
 2011
As of the time of the Merger
 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. held minimal assets and was a developmental stage company. Following the Merger
 the Company
 through DSD
 is a manufacturer of its Lean Slow Motion Potion brand relaxation beverage
 which was launched by DSD in September of 2009. After the Merger
 the Company operates through one operating segment.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 C1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Unamortized discount
 note payable

028
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Preferred stock
 shares issued

000
000
        


Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares issued

182
000

495
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding

182
000

495
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
&#160;The Company is aggressively defending itself in all of the below proceedings. The Company&#146;s management believes the likelihood of future liability to the Company for these contingencies is remote
 and the Company has not recorded any liability for these legal proceedings at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011. While the results of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company&#146;s management believes that losses
 if any
 resulting from the ultimate resolution of these proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations
During January 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Corey Powell
 in Ascension Parish
 LA 23rd Judicial District Court. Corey Powell was a former distributor of LEAN
 a relaxation beverage marketed by DSD. Powell filed suit to recover allegedly unpaid commissions
On February 14
 2011
 a claim was filed against DSD by Charles Moody
 in Caddo Parish
 LA First Judicial Court seeking in excess of $100
000 in damages. Charles Moody loaned DSD approximately $63
000 in June 2009. In exchange
 Moody received a Promissory Note containing the terms and conditions of the repayment of the loan. Based upon the understanding of the parties
 DSD began making monthly payments to Moody in January 2010 in satisfaction of the loan. In December 2010
 final payment of the remaining balance of the loan was paid to Moody in full and final satisfaction of the Promissory Note. Moody filed suit to recover &#147;late fees&#148; allegedly owed under the Promissory Note. DSD contends the Promissory Note was satisfied with the final payment in December 2010; Moody contends that repayment should have begun in November 2009
 and that because it did not
 late fees are owed. This matter was settled for a payment of $8
000 by DSD on July 27
On November 9
 2011
 Charles Moody and DeWayne McKoy filed a claim against DSD and Marco Moran
 CEO
 in Bossier Parish
 LA 26th Judicial Court. Charles Moody and Dewayne McKoy
 allegedly both shareholders of DSD
 brought an action against Dr. Moran alleging that he engaged in various acts of misconduct and breaches of his fiduciary duties to the corporation which damaged them as minority shareholders. Moody and McKoy also seek damages from Dr. Moran for dilution and/or loss of value of their shareholder interest in DSD as a result of his alleged misconduct. DSD is a nominal defendant in this derivative action
During December 2011
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&#147;IBGH&#148;) filed a claim against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 Unique Beverage Group
 and LLC. and Marco Moran
 CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 TX 61st Judicial District Court
 whereas the plaintiff asserted certain allegations. On February 24
 2012
 the Company filed a motion for summary judgment to dismiss these frivolous allegations due to lack of proper evidence. On April 12
 2012 Dewmar International BMC
 Inc was given written notice of its non-suit without prejudice from Innovative Beverage Group
 Inc. This releases Dewmar International BMC
 Inc. from any and all liability. On June 27
 2012
 Innovative Beverage Group Holdings (&#147;IBGH&#148;) filed the same claims against Dewmar International BMC
 Inc.
 DSD Network of America
 Inc. and Marco Moran CEO of the Company
 in Harris County
 Texas 127th Judicial District Court
 whereas plaintiff asserted that the Defendants engaged in various acts of unfair business practices that caused harm to IBGH. The company&#146;s and Marco Moran have filed an Answer and Counterclaim in this matter on October 31
On March 22
 2012 Plaintiff
 DSD NETWORK OF AMERICA
 INC. (hereinafter &#147;DSD&#148;) filed suit against Defendants DeWayne McKoy
 Charles Moody
 Corey Powell and Peter Bianchi in United States District Court; District of Nevada for a combined thirteen claims accusing this group of defendants in colluding against the Company. Answers have been received from McKoy
 Moody and Powell and Powell has filed a counterclaim. DSD vigorously denies all the claims in Powell&#146;s counterclaim. Bianchi failed to answer and was defaulted however Bianchi has filed a Motion to Set Aside the Default and Powell and Bianchi have filed Motions to Dismiss.&#160; Rulings on these Motions are still pending.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 legal contingencies
 litigation
 regulatory and environmental matters and other contingencies.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

 Inc.


        
        


        

         2012


        
        


        
        


        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding

182
000


        

946


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On January 1
 2011
 the Company entered into employment agreement with Dr. Moran (&#147;Employee&#148;) to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The employment commenced on January 1
 2011 and runs for the period through January 1
 2015. The Company will pay Employee
 as consideration for services rendered
 a base salary of $120
As additional compensation
 Employee is eligible to receive one percent of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company if the gross revenues hit specified milestones for each fiscal year under the agreement. The Company will provide additional benefits to Employee during the employment term which include
 but are not limited to
 health and life insurance benefits
 vacation pay
 expense reimbursement
 relocation reimbursement and a Company car. The Company may also include Employee in any benefit plans which it now maintains or establishes in the future for executives. If Employee dies
 the Company will pay the designated beneficiary an amount equal to two years&#146; compensation
In the event Employee&#146;s employment is constructively terminated within five years of the commencement date
 Employee shall receive a termination payment
 which will be determined according to a schedule based upon the number of years since the commencement of the contract
 within a range of $120
000 to $400
000. Additionally
 Employee shall continue to receive the additional benefits mentioned above for a period of two years from the termination date. If the constructive termination date is later than five years after the commencement date
 Employee shall receive the lesser amount of an amount equal to his aggregate base salary for five years following the date of the termination date
 or an amount equal to his aggregate base salary through the end of the term. Additionally
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company incurred $120
000
 and $120
000 in base salary to Dr. Moran
 respectively
 which were included as a component of general and administrative expenses. The Company recorded total accrued payroll to Dr. Moran in the amounts of $390
000 and $333
000
 in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on its consolidated balance sheets at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667 which resulted in recognition of loss on settlement of accrued salaries of $16
On December 6
 2012
 the Company issued 50
000
000 shares of Class A Preferred stock to Dr. Moran for services rendered.&#160; The shares are convertible into 10 shares of common stock.&#160; Based on this
 the Company determined the fair market value of the preferred shares to be equal to $3
150
The Company leased office spaces in Clinton
 MS and Houston
 TX under non-cancelable operating leases during 2012 and 2011. Rent expense was $23
898 and $22
729 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
The following is a schedule of future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases at December 31
December 31
30
12
12
12
10
78
On March 1
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution and brokerage agreement with Brand Builderz
 USA
 LLC (BBUSA)
 a Limited Liability Company organized under the laws of the State of Maine
 to sell
 market
 manage and assist in distributing products in its designated territory. The Company was to pay a minimum monthly retainer fee until sales commissions reach at least a pre-determined amount for at least two consecutive months. The company will pay commissions of a pre-determined percentage of gross sales collected
 pay an invasion fee of less than one dollar ($1.00) per physical case of product sold within the territory of BBUSA by a third party. Due to breach of contract by BBUSA
 this Agreement was discontinued on May 22
On April 9
 2012
 The Company entered into an agreement with NA Beverages
 LLC
 a Nevada Limited Liability Company (the Consultant)
 to provide advice
 analysis
 sales and recommendations. The Consultant shall be paid at an annual base salary based upon sales performance
 receive a commission of a set percentage of gross sales of all fully paid invoices received from the Consultant&#146;s customers and provide a monthly bonus of up to twenty-five hundred dollars ($2
500) for arranging
 conducting and reporting of meetings with buyers and or similar business related personnel. Either the Company or the Consultant may terminate the agreement with at least thirty (30) says prior written notice with no specific reasons given. This agreement was terminated on August 1
On November 15
 2012
 the Company entered into a business development agreement with Globalization Accelerator
 LLC (&#147;Global XLR&#148;) to assist the company in improving sales and product placement.&#160; The Company agreed to provide Global XLR: (i) a commission of 4% of gross sales revenue; (ii) a 4.90% equity stock option at the purchase price of $49
000 if Global XLR generates $3
000
000 of gross revenue within any 12 consecutive month period or less
On July 5
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Hooper Sales Co.
 Inc. a corporation organized under the laws of the state of Arkansas to exclusively sell
 market
On July 5
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with Mikeska Distributing Co
 a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Texas to exclusively sell
 market
On July 16
 2012
 the Company entered into a distribution agreement with New Age Distributing
On October 15
 2012 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Chad Tendrich for general business consulting for a period of 12 months. The Company agreed to deliver 8
500
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant. As of December 31
 2012
On October 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Dash Consulting
 LLC to provide bookkeeping and invoicing consulting for a period of 12 months. As compensation
 the Company agreed to deliver 10
000
000 shares of restricted common stock per month.&#160; The Company has accrued the obligation on a monthly basis over the time period the service is rendered. &#160;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company has accrued 20
000
000 shares at the total estimated fair market value of $104
000.&#160; In January 2013
 the Company issued 10
000
000 shares under this contract.&#160; As of March 31
 2013
 shares owed are an additional 30
000
On November 12
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Derrick Brooks to become a medical and healthcare consultant to the Company for a period of 12 months.&#160; The Company agreed to deliver 3
000
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation.&#160; The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the Consultant. &#160;As of December 31
 2012
On November 15
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Christy Favorite to conduct wellness programs for the Company for a period of 12 months.&#160; The Company agreed to deliver 5
000
000 shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the Consultant.&#160; As of December 31
 2012
On August 1
 2012
 the Company entered into an investor relations consulting agreement with Empire Relations Group
 Inc. (&#147;Empire&#148;)
 a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company will pay Empire a non-refundable guaranteed consulting fee of $15
000 if Empire introduces the Company to at least $30
000 in capital either through equity investment
 loans
 notes
 debt settlements or any other type of financing which results in an increase in the net cash position of the Company.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Revenues
 net

874

359
504


        

278

883


        

596

621


        
        
        


        

888

410


        

550

002


        

179
581

750


        

037

792


        

385
056

015
954


        

073
460)

333)


        
        
        


        

764)

066)


        
        
        


        

748)
        


        

000)

406


        

111)

340


        

120
571)

007


        
        
        


        

904
176

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies
 also includes investment and interest income
 and sales and trading gains.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On August 3
 2009
 the Company executed an agreement (&#147;Note Agreement&#148;) with an unrelated entity that subsequently became one of the Company&#146;s distributors
 (&#147;Unrelated Distributor&#148;)
 which provided for the payment of raw goods directly to the Company&#146;s suppliers by the agreement holder. The Unrelated Distributor made direct payments to suppliers for all raw materials purchased from August 2009 through February 2010. The Note Agreement set forth that interest was payable at a rate of $2.00 per case for all product sold to distributors within the state of Texas and $2.50 per case for all product sold to distributors outside the state of Texas. The Company also agreed that any product purchased by the agreement holder may be charged against any outstanding interest payments owed. As of December 31
 2011
 the principle and interest amounts due under the agreement were $328
656
 and were due on demand. On December 30
 2011
 the Company and the unrelated third party agreed to exchange the principle and interest amounts due under the agreement for 1
250
000 restricted shares of the Company&#146;s common stock
 valued at $81
250. The Company recognized a $247
On April 28
 2010
 the Company executed a promissory note for $13
305 with Regions Bank. The loan is secured by the Company vehicle and requires monthly payments in the amount of $1
On August 30
 2012
 the Company entered a second Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Asher for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $42
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on June 4
 2013. $40
000 was funded on September 13
 2012 with $2
In October
 2012
 the Company entered into a 10% Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Birr Marketing Group
 Inc. for $20
000 with a due date of April 1
 2013. After the due date of April 1
 2013
In November
 2012
 the Company entered into an 8% third Contingently Convertible Promissory Note with Asher for $30
000 which is due together with any unpaid accrued interest on August 29
Subsequent to December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into notes payable agreements with two vendors with balances of $56
500 of accounts payable.&#160;&#160; The notes payable are due on demand and bear no interest.&#160; At December 31
 2012
 the Company has presented them in Notes Payable on the balance sheet. 




        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Fixed assets consisted of the following as of December 31
December 31
December 31
21
21
(8
(5
Fixed assets
12
16
Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 was $3
570 and $3
337
 respectively
 and is recorded in general and administrative expenses.&#160;&#160;&#160; 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company&#146;s trade accounts receivable are typically collected within 60-120 days from the date of sale. The Company monitors its exposure to losses on trade accounts receivable and maintains an allowance for potential losses and adjustments. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on the evaluation of the aging of accounts receivable and detailed analysis of high-risk customers&#146; accounts
 and the overall market and economic conditions of its customers. Past due trade accounts receivable balances are written off when the Company&#146;s collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. At December 31
 2012 and 2011 the allowance for doubtful accounts was $0 and $34
634
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During January 2013
 the Company issued 31
500
On January 15
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $53
000 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on September 17
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 48% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $50
000
 with $3
On February 19
 2013
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $32
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on November 21
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as the greater of (i) the variable conversion price of 55% of the market price calculated as the average of the lowest three trading prices for the common stock during the 10 trading day period prior to the conversion date or (ii) the fixed price of $0.0009. This convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $30
000
 with $2
On January 11
 2013
 Asher converted $12
000 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 into 3
750
000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0032.&#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $20
On February 1
 2013
 Asher converted an additional $12
100 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 into 5
761
905 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0021.&#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $8
On February 14
 2013
 Asher converted the remaining $8
400 of its outstanding notes payable entered into on June 27
 2012 together with unpaid interest of $1
300 into 4
850
000 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0020.&#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $0 remained on the June 27
On March 6
 2013
 Continental converted $5
000 of its outstanding convertible notes payable entered into in August 2012 into 1
567
398 shares of common stock at a conversion price of $0.0032.&#160; After conversion
 a principal balance of $16
500 remained.&#160; 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On September 18
 2012
 the Company increased the authorized number of shares to 500
000
000
 with 450
000
000 being common shares and 50
000
On March 15
 2013
 the Company increased the authorized number of shares to 2
500
000
000
 with 2
450
000
000 being common shares and 50
000
On December 6
 2012
 the Company agreed to issue 50
000
000 shares of Class A Preferred stock to Dr. Moran for services rendered.&nbsp; The holders of the preferred stock shall be entitled to participate in dividends upon board approval and do not get liquidation preferences.&nbsp; The shares are convertible into 10 shares of common stock.&nbsp; Based on this
 the Company determined the fair market value of the preferred shares to be equal to $3
150
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement to issue 438
000 shares of common stock in exchange for release of a related party receivable of $38
800.&nbsp; The fair market value of the shares issued was $43
800; therefore the Company recorded a $5
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company exchanged 300
000 shares of restricted common stock for consulting services. The value was determined using the market value of the shares issued which was $39
000 resulting in an Additional Paid in Capital amount of $38
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a two consulting agreements with the commitment to issue a total of 110
000 shares at the signing of the agreement in April 2012.&nbsp; As of December 31
 2012
 the shares had not been issued
 but the Company recorded a common stock payable with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation for $15
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 2
000
000 shares at the signing of the agreement in April 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the shares had been issued
 and the Company recorded stock based compensation in the amount of $300
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 5
000
000 common shares upon execution of the agreement.&nbsp; As of December 31
 2012
 the shares have not been issued and the Company recorded a common stock payable with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation for $13
On October 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a twelve month consulting agreement with the commitment to issue a total of 10
000
000 shares per month.&nbsp; As of December 31
 2012
 the Company owed 20
000
000 shares under this agreement.&nbsp; As such
 the Company recorded a common stock payable for $104
000 equal to the fair market value or trading price of the company&#146;s stock on the last day of the month for November and December 2012
 with a corresponding increase in stock based compensation.&nbsp; See Subsequent Events Note 13
 where 10
000
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company determined that $3
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued a total of 4
949
382 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $6
On November 7
 2012
 the Company agreed to convert $50
000 of accrued salary for Dr. Marco Moran into 19
047
619 shares of common stock. The number of shares issued was calculated using a 25% discount to the trading price on the agreement date. The fair market value of the shares on the date of the agreement was $66
667
 however these shares have not been issued as of the issuance of these financial statements and the $50
000 of accrued salary is still recorded as of December 31
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 a shareholder agreed to issue some of his shares to a third party for services rendered on behalf of the Company. The fair market value of these services totaled $4
On November 7
 2011
 the Company entered into an Advisory Services Agreement (&#147;Advisory Agreement&#148;) with an unrelated investment advisory company (the &#147;Advisor&#148;)
 whereas the Advisor agreed to perform certain advisory services in exchange for 50
000 shares
 valued at $4
500 ($0.09 per share)
 of the Company&#146;s common stock
 to be delivered within 10 days after execution of the Advisory Agreement
 in addition to reimbursement by the Company for the $4
500 DTC Application fee. The shares issued pursuant to the Advisory Agreement are restricted shares. The term of the Advisory Agreement commenced on November 7
 2011 and was set to expire upon the Company&#146;s receipt of either an approval or a denial of their DTC Eligibility Request by DTC. On March 14
 2012
 the Company completed the final approved DTC opinion and became DTC eligible on April 26
On December 30
 2011
 the Company issued 1
250
000 restricted shares
 valued at $81
250 ($0.065 per share) to settle its outstanding note payable to an unrelated third party (the &#147;Exchange&#148;). The exchange price was determined to be 50% below the average ten (10) day trading price of the Company&#146;s unrestricted shares of common stock prior to the conversion date. Pursuant to the exchange
 the unrelated third party released the Company from its obligation to repay outstanding principle and interest due
 aggregating $328
656 at the time of the exchange. The Company recognized a $247
406 gain on extinguishment of debt as a result of the exchange. See Note 6.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






































        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 convertible note interest rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 convertible note amount
        
        

500
        
        

000
        
        

500


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 convertible note share conversion rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 convertible note share conversion fixed price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Asher
 debt converted
        
        
        

400

100
        

000
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Asher
 shares converted
        
        
        

850
000

761
905
        

750
000
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Asher
 stock conversion price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 debt converted
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 shares converted
        

567
398
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 stock conversion price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On June 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Asher Enterprises
 Inc. (&#147;Asher&#148;) a Delaware Corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of $32
500 which together with any unpaid accrued interest due on March 29
 2013. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option 180 days from inception at a variable conversion price calculated as 55% of the market price which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with no floor stated in the conversion feature. In July 2012
 this convertible promissory note was funded in the amount of $30
000
 with $2
500 being recorded as legal fees for amounts held by note holder. The Company analyzed the note on the date on which the contingent conversion feature was settled on December 24
 2012.&#160; The Company determined that the variable conversion price results in need of bifurcation of the conversion feature into a separate derivative liability valued at fair market value.&#160; On December 24
 2012
 the Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability associated with the bifurcated conversion feature to be $25
209.&#160; The Company recorded a discount of $25
209.&#160; Through December 31
 2012
 the Company amortized $1
858 into interest expense based on the term of the note. At December 31
 2012
 the Company revalued the derivative liability and determined that the fair market value was $19
515 so therefore recorded a gain on derivative liability of $5
On September 6
 2012
 the Company entered into a Convertible Promissory Note with Continental Equities
 LLC
 a New York limited liability corporation for an 8% convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $21
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on June 15
 2013. $20
000 of the proceeds was funded directly to the company while $1
500 was recorded as legal expense for funds held by the note holder. This convertible note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible into shares of common stock at the holder&#146;s option beginning on the date of the note at a variable conversion price calculated as 55% of the market price which means the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date with the only mention of a &#147;share cap&#148; is that the number of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion would not exceed 4.99% of the outstanding shares of the company at the time of conversion. Since the number of shares outstanding at any future date is undetermined by the Company
 the Company determined that the conversion feature in this note qualified as an &#147;embedded derivative
&#148; and therefore separated the conversion feature from the host contract and estimated the fair market value at inception to be $34
119. As a result
 the Company recorded a discount on the original note of $21
500 and recorded an immediate loss of $12
619. At December 31
 2012
 the Company amortized into interest expense $8
844 leaving an unamortized discount associated with the convertible note of $12
656. At September 30
 2012
 the fair market value of the derivative liability was determined to be $5
887 which resulted in a net gain on derivative liability of $15
613. The Company re-valued the derivative liability at December 31
 2012 and determined the fair market value to be $19
515; therefore a loss on the derivative liability was recorded of $13
627.&#160; The Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability using Black Scholes with the following main assumptions: (1) conversion price at December 31
 2012 of $0.0037; (2) volatility at December 31
 2012 of 348%%
On October 16
 2012
 the Company entered into a 12% Convertible Promissory Note of $6
581 with Magna Corporation for the settlement of an existing trade payable of $4
500
 which together with any unpaid accrued interest is due on September 24
 2013.&#160; At inception
 $2
081 was recorded as a loss on settlement of accounts payable.&#160; This note together with any unpaid accrued interest is convertible at a 50% discount to market on the lowest three trading days prior to conversion.&#160; The Company evaluated the conversion feature and determined that it met the conditions for bifurcation into a separate derivative liability.&#160; The Company estimated the fair market value of the derivative liability to be $11
355 at inception.&#160; As such
 the Company recorded an initial discount to the face value of the note of $6
581 with an immediate loss on derivative liability of $4
On October 16
 2012
 Magna exercised its conversion option to convert $1
500 of the principle of the note into 1
153
846 of common stock.&#160; As such
 the Company accelerated $1
500 of the discount into interest expense.&#160; The Company determined that the fair market value of the derivative liability on the date of the conversion had not changed materially
 so no further gain or loss was recorded.&#160; The pro-rata portion of the derivative liability associated with the converted portion of the note of $2
On November 7
 2012
 Magna exercised its 2nd conversion option to convert $3
000 of the principle of the note into 1
714
286 of common stock&#160; As such the Company accelerated $3
000 of the discount into interest expense.&#160; The Company determined that the fair market value of the remaining derivative liability on the date of the conversion was $6
867 and therefore recorded a gain on derivative liability of $1
900.&#160; After conversion the pro-rata portion of the derivative liability associated with the converted portion of the note of $3
On November 20
 2012
 Magna exercised its 3rd conversion option to convert the remaining balance of $2
081 into 2
081
250 shares of common stock.&#160; As such the Company accelerated the remaining $2
081 of the discount into interest expense.&#160; The Company determined that the fair market value of the derivative liability on the date of the conversion was $8
143; therefore a loss of $4
407 was recorded.&#160; After the conversion
 remaining balance of $8
As of December 31
 2012
 the Magna note and derivative liability was $0. 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
No provision for federal income taxes has been recognized for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
Significant components of the Company&#146;s deferred tax liabilities and assets as of December 31
December 31
December 31
188
26
188
26
(188
(26
The Company has provided a full valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets as it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized.&#160;&#160; At December 31
 2012
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $553
Year ended December 31
(1
400
(26
1
239
161
26
338




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company engaged with a distributor that is wholly-owned by the Company&#146;s CEO (the &#147;Distributor&#148;). The Distributor is responsible for shipping out product samples
 transferring small quantities of product to local distributors at the request of the Company
 sales of product to local retailers or small wholesalers and for the fulfillment of online sales orders. The Company may withdraw cases of product from the Distributor at the Company&#146;s will for Company use
The Distributor pays the Company on a per case basis which is consistent with terms between the Company and third party distributors. Since the Company uses a substantial amount of the Distributor&#146;s inventory as samples and promotions
 the Company offers the Distributor credit terms of &#147;on consignment.&#148; During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 the Company recognized revenue from product sales to the Distributor of $14
240 and $13
162 respectively
 which represented 2.7% and 0.97%
 respectively
 of total product revenue recognized by the Company. At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 accounts receivable from the Distributor was $6
329 and $3
000
At December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company had outstanding accounts receivable of $8
932 and $5
603
 respectively
 from a company
 Wet &amp; Wild
Prior to December 31
 2011
 the Company advanced $49
484 to a company owned by the CEO&#146;s wife. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 that Company had repaid $40
152 of these advances resulting in outstanding advances due of $9
During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company purchased two used vehicles from companies owned by the CEO for a total of $7
During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company received related party advances from a company majority owned by the CEO and of which the CEO was the sole officer and director in the aggregate amount of $38
800. On March 7
 2012
 the Company issued 438
000 restricted shares of common stock to settle the $38
800 advances from third parties that were outstanding at December 31
During 2011
 the Company paid consulting and research related fees on behalf of High Margins
 Inc. another company owned by the CEO. Amounts receivable at December 31
 2012 was $4
During 2012
 the Company made payments of $9
353 to his wife and daughter for reimbursement of medical insurance costs and other consulting services performed for the Company. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Basic net income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income (loss) per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period
 adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents. In periods when losses are reported the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock equivalents because their inclusion would be anti-dilutive.




        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          















































Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 convertible note interest rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 convertible note amount

500

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 convertible note share conversion rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 fair value of derivative liability
        
        

515

209
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Securities Purchase Agreement
 Asher
 gain on derivative liability
        
        

695
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 interest rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 share conversion rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 fair value of derivative liability
        
        

515
        
        
        
        
        

887

119
        


Convertible promissory note
 Continental
 gain on derivative liability
        
        

613
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Magna
 interest rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Magna
 amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

581
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Magna
 share conversion rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Magna
 fair value of derivative liability
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

355
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Magna
 loss on derivative liability
        
        

774
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Magna
 debt converted
        
        
        
        
        

081

000

500
        
        
        


Convertible promissory note
 Magna
 shares converted
        
        
        
        
        

081
250

714
286

153
846
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the average of the lowest three trading prices during the ten trading day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company analyzes its convertible notes in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 470-20 and Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging. If it is determined that the conversion feature is convertible to a variable number of shares
 then the Company determines whether it is subject to the Derivatives and Hedging guidance in ASC Topic 815-20. Upon conclusion that it is within the guidance in Topic 815-20
 the conversion feature is separated from the host contract and it is accounted for as a derivative instrument with its fair value estimated at every balance sheet date.&#160; Any change in the fair market value of the derivative
 results in a gain or loss on derivative liability in the Company&#146;s statement of operations.&#160; If any conversions of the original note occur prior to the settlement of the obligation
 the pro-rata portion of the derivative liability is relieved in additional paid in capital after marking to market on the day prior to the conversion date.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

570

337




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
30
12
12
12
10
78
075




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2010
        

000

925)

348)

273)


Beginning Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2010
        

000
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued for merger
 shares
        

195
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued for merger
 value
        

195

428)
        

233)


Common stock issued for services
 shares
        

000
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 value
        
        

450
        

500


Common stock issued to settle note payable
 shares
        

250
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued to settle note payable
 value
        

250

000
        

250


        
        
        
        

497)

497)


        
        
        
        

030

030


Ending Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2011
        

495

097

815)

223)


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2011
        

495
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 shares
        

300
000
        
        
        


Common stock issued for services
 value
        

300

700
        

000


Preferred stock issued for services
 shares

000
000
        
        
        
        


Preferred stock issued for services
 value

000
        

100
000
        

150
000


Common stock issued to settle advances
 shares
        

000
        
        
        


Common stock issued to settle advances
 value
        
        

362
        

800


        
        
        

681
        

681


        
        
        

375
        

375


Common stock issued for conversions of note payable
 shares
        

949
382
        
        
        


Common stock issued for conversions of note payable
 value
        

949

632
        

581


        
        
        

861
        

861


        
        
        
        

120
571)

120
571)


Ending Balance
 amount at Dec. 31
 2012

000

182

525
708

397
386)

496)


Ending Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012

000
000

182
382
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders..
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Inventory at December 31
 2012 consisted of raw materials of $11
197 and finished goods of $15
898.&#160; Inventory at December 31
 2011 consisted of finished goods in the amounts of $58
162. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded spoilage of $908 and $11
837
 respectively and included this in cost of goods sold. 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


















































Base salary
 President and CEO

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Total accrued payroll payable
 President and CEO

000

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

047
619
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

667
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

667
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

898

729
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Distribution agreement
 Brand
 invasion fee per case
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Monthly bonus
 consulting agreement
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
        


Business development agreement
 commission
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business development agreement
 equity stock option
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business development agreement
 finder's fee
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Distribution agreement
 Hooper
 invasion fee per case
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Distribution agreement
 Mikeska
 invasion fee per case
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Distribution agreement
 New Age
 invasion fee per case
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Consulting agreement
 Tendrich
 shares to be issued
        
        
        
        
        
        

500
000
        
        
        
        
        


Consulting agreement
 Dash
 shares to be issued (monthly)
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


Consulting agreement
 Dash
 shares to be issued (accrued)

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Consulting agreement
 Brooks
 shares to be issued
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Consulting agreement
 Favorite
 shares to be issued
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Investor relations agreement
 Empire
 contingent fee
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        


Investor relations agreement
 Empire
 capital threshold
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company agreed to deliver shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company agreed to deliver shares of restricted common stock as compensation per month. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant. Number of shares accrued and not yet issued
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company agreed to deliver shares of restricted common stock as compensation per month. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company agreed to deliver shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the Company agreed to deliver shares of restricted common stock as compensation. The shares are not considered earned until delivered to the consultant
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cost of goods sold or other operating costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company recognizes revenue when the product is received by and title passes to the customer. The Company&#146;s standard terms are &#145;FOB&#146; destination. If a customer receives any product that they consider damaged or unacceptable
We record estimates for reductions to revenue for customer programs and incentives
 including price discounts
 volume-based incentives
 and promotions and advertising allowances. Products are sold with extended payment terms not to exceed 120 days. Revenue is shown net of sales allowances on the accompanying statements of operations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
21
21
(8
(5
Fixed assets
12
16
155 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and DSD
 its only subsidiary. All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation.




        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













