

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-14-020795
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140404
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140404
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Deyu Agriculture Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467746
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54640
		FILM NUMBER:		14745511
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9TH FLOOR
 BLOCK 8
 AOLINJIATAI BUILDING
		STREET 2:		1 KEHUIQIAN STREET
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT
 BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			10086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 10 5524 1802
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9TH FLOOR
 BLOCK 8
 AOLINJIATAI BUILDING
		STREET 2:		1 KEHUIQIAN STREET
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT
 BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			10086
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eco Building International
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100510
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eco Building International Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090706









     





Washington
 D.C. 20549




ANNUAL

                                         the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2013



TRANSITION
                                         REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






    

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
    its charter)




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





 Block B
 Huizhi Building




 Beijing
 PRC



 including zip code
 of principal
executive offices)




telephone number
 including area code)



Securities Registered Under Section 12(b) of the
    Exchange Act:
    

    
    

    
Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share



is a well-known seasoned issuer








(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding




has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was
&uml;



delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s
knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment
to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    

    
    
    



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No




 the issuer&rsquo;s
public float was approximately $2
841
789.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of the end of the issuer&rsquo;s fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
its net revenue was $246
279

2014 was 11
015
029.






    
    









    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder
    Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operations.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
    and Financial Disclosure.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
    and Related Stockholder Matters.
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
    Independence.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





    
    











on Form 10-K
 unless otherwise indicated
 the words &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Deyu Agriculture
Corp.
 a Nevada corporation and all entities owned or controlled by Deyu Agriculture Corp. All references to &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; in this Annual Report mean Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 and all entities owned or controlled by Deyu Agriculture
Corp.
 except where it is made clear that the term only means the parent or a subsidiary company. References in this Annual Report
to the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo; or &ldquo;China&rdquo; are to the People&rsquo;s Republic of China and references to &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;
are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.


integrated producer
 processor
 marketer and distributor of organic and other agricultural products made from corn and grains operating
in Shanxi Province in the People's Republic of China. We have a nationwide sales network covering manufacturers
 grain traders
wholesalers
 distributors and retail stores. Our facilities include modern warehouses with storage capacity of over 100
000 tons
and sophisticated production lines with annual production capacity of over 105
000 and 700
000 tons for grain products and corn
respectively.

&nbsp;

are mainly conducted through our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries
 JinzhongDeyu Agriculture Trading Co. Limited (&ldquo;JinzhongDeyu&rdquo;)
JinzhongYuliang Agriculture Trading Co. Limited (&ldquo;Yuliang&rdquo;)
 Shanxi Taizihu Food Co. Ltd. (&ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;)
and Shanxi Huichun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd (&ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;). Yuliang focus on processing and distributing our corn and corn
byproducts. Our grain processing
 distribution and bulk trading business are mainly conducted through JinzhongDeyu
 Taizihu and
Huichun.


of our products is set forth below
 by division:



    
 &ndash;acquires unprocessed
    corn for value-added processing such as cleaning
 drying packaging
 etc. the main consumers for this division range from livestock
    feed companies to corn oil/corn starch manufacturing companies as well as governmental procurement agencies in China.

    
 &ndash;acquires unprocessed grains
    including millet
 green bean
 soy bean
 black rice and many other varieties of grains traditionally grown and consumed in
    China for value-added processing such as peeling
 cleaning
 grinding
 packaging
 etc. The Grain Division also produces and
    distributes deep processed food products
 such as bean based products
 fruit vinegars and juices
 noodles and other grain
    products. We sell our processed grain products to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients
 etc.

    
 &ndash;conducts bulk trading
    through procuring and wholesales of rice
 flour
 wheat
 kidney beans
 green beans and other agricultural products. The majority
    customers of this division include food manufacturers
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies
    in China.



from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2013 was $246
350
104
 representing a 3.0% decrease from $254
046
098
for the year ended December 31
 2012. Our net loss available to common stockholders for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
was $26
818
546
 representing a 267.5% decrease from our net income of $16
008
670 for the year ended December 31
 2012.


 Block B
 Huizhi Building
 No. 9 Xueqing Road
 Haidan District
Beijing
 PRC 100085. Our telephone number in China is +(8610)-8273-2870 and our fax number is +(8610)- 8273 2870 x 8518. Our corporate
website is 



    
    




2010 Share Exchange and Preferred Stock
Financings


 2010
Deyu (then known as Eco Building International
 Inc.) completed the acquisition of City Zone Holdings Limited
 an emerging organic
and non-organic agricultural products distributor in Shanxi Province
 China
 engaged in procuring
 processing
 marketing and distributing
various grain and corn products (&ldquo;City Zone&rdquo;)
 by means of a share exchange (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;). As a result
of the Exchange
 City Zone became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deyu.


the acquisition
 we completed a private placement offering in the aggregate amount of $8
211
166 of the sale of securities to
accredited investors at $4.40 per unit
 with each &ldquo;Unit&rdquo; consisting of one share of our Series A convertible preferred
stock and one warrant to purchase 0.4 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $5.06 per share. We executed a Securities
Purchase Agreement in connection with the offering
 which is referenced as Exhibit 10.1 herein.


 2010
 we
closed on the second and final round of the private placement offering as disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
the SEC on May 3
 2010 through the sale of 589
689 Units comprised of 589
689 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock
and 235
882 five-year warrants with an exercise price of $5.06 per share
 to certain accredited investors for total aggregate
proceeds of $2
594
607. We raised an aggregate amount of $10
805
750 in the two rounds of offerings.


placement we issued an aggregate 2
455
863 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and warrants exercisable into 982
362
shares of common stock to certain investors (collectively
 the &ldquo;Investors&rdquo;). Pursuant to its terms
 the Series A convertible
preferred stock receive cumulative dividends at a rate of 5% per annum and can be converted into common stock on a 1:1 basis
subject to applicable adjustments. Pursuant to its terms
 the warrants can be converted into 982
362 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $5.06 per share (the &quot;Warrants&quot;). The Warrants will expire on April 27
 2015.


the private placement
 we also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which we agreed to file a registration
statement on Form S-1 (or other applicable Form) within 60 days of the close of such financing. We filed a Registration Statement
on Form S-1 with the SEC on June 15
 2010
 and on October 21
 2010
 the SEC declared the Form S-1 effective.


 as a
result of the Exchange
 we changed our fiscal year end to December 31.


 2010
 we
filed with the Secretary of State for the State of Nevada a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation changing
our name from &ldquo;Eco Building International
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Deyu Agriculture Corp.&rdquo; FINRA declared the name change
effective on June 2
 2010.




in the economic environment and market conditions
 as well as the negative impacts from some unexpected extreme weather conditions
our business has faced great challenges in 2013.





    
    



a booming growth of demand exceeding supply in the past several years before 2013. Our selling price had an annual average increase
of 15.0% and 7.4% in 2011 and 2012
 respectively. However
 since the beginning of 2013
 the corn market has been seeing a weakening
demand with an oversupply and the selling price of corn has been declining. The selling price of corn (including value added tax)
in our Corn Division decreased by 11% from $427/ton (RMB 2
611/ton) in January of 2013 to $380/ton (RMB 2
322/ton) in December
of 2013. In contrast
 with the rising labor cost and inflation in China
 the lowest price for purchasing corn from farmers
 which
is guided by the government due to the protective farming policies in favor of farmers
 continues to rise. The lowest guide price
(including value added tax) again increased by $10/ton (RMB 60/ton) to $365 (RMB 2
260) in July 2013. As a result
 the gross margin
of our corn trading business decreased from 15.4% for the year ended December 31
 2012 to 8.1% for the year ended December 31
2013.


as raw material for livestock feeds and deep processed products such as corn starch and ethanol. The demand for corn from the
two downstream industries declined dramatically in 2013. First
 livestock farming has been going through a very difficult time
in 2013. After a period of expansion
 the pork market turned to be oversupplied. Pork prices decreased significantly after the
Spring Festival of 2013. Many farmers or companies in the industry started to reduce the livestock raising scale. Second
 with
the economy slowing down
 demand for the deep processed corn products was also very weak. The price of ethanol decreased to its
lowest level in the past three years. A lot of corn deep processing companies have been running under production capacity and
have not been profitable. However
 corn production had a good harvest in 2012 and 2013. According to National Bureau of Statistics
of China
 the output of corn increased 15 million tons
 or 8% to 208 million tons in 2012 compared to 2011
 and the output in
2013 was estimated to be 215 million. Increased supply over the demand caused the selling price of corn to decrease. In the same
period
 there was an influx of low cost corns imported into the market in the south of China. Given that the demand of corn from
downstream industries will continue to be low
 we anticipate the oversupply in the corn market will continue to impact our business
in the coming months.


our Grain Division
 the deteriorating efficiency of existing retail distribution channels curtailed our retail grain package sales
amidst the increasing competitiveness in the market. Consequently
 we allocated more grain resources to bulk trading activity
yet the slowdown in consumer market growth and competition in the market segment have had negative impacts on the grain bulk trading
business.



in Shanxi Province
 which caused serious damage to our inventories and affected our operations. In late April
 an unexpected heavy
snow storm collapsed the warehouses located in Taiyuan
 Shanxi Province which were leased by the Company&rsquo;s Grain Division
and caused about $1.2 million in damage to our grain goods stored in those warehouses. Beginning in May 2013
 Shanxi had unusually
frequent heavy rainfall which caused extreme humidity. As a result
 we reinforced and waterproofed the warehouses and took measures
to prevent inventories from mildewing such as by transferring inventories from one warehouse to the other
 or drying the inventories
by machines frequently. These measures reduced the efficiency of our operations and increased operational expenses. In the winter
the weather became extremely warm. Some of our corn inventory mildewed
 which damaged the quality of the inventory. We recorded
approximately $4.5 million as reserve of inventory valuation.



of the economic environment
 we assessed the fair value of the land use rights of the farmlands we own in Yuci
 Shanxi Province
and the ERP system used for retail sales in the Grain Division based on our current operation plan. We recorded an impairment loss
of $6.5 million for the intangible assets as of December 31
 2013. In the meantime
 we decided to terminate the construction of
the factory facility in the subsidiary of Huichun due to the technical innovation and recorded an impairment loss of $0.8 million
on the uncompleted building as of December 31
 2013.


trading and agriculture service platform
 our development contract with that developer was suspended on March 14
 2014. Management
is taking measures to urge the developer to revive and complete the development under the development contract.





    
    





current corporate structure is set forth below:








are mainly grown in the hilly area near Taihang Mountain
 at an altitude of between 5
000 to 8
000 feet above sea level. This
region has a wide temperature variation between night and day and a long daily exposure to sunlight. These geographic characteristics
produce grains that are rich in nutrients
 especially minerals
 rutin
 cellulose
 amino acids
 chlorophyll
 lecithin and linoleic
acid.



    
    






our local government
 we have adopted the operation mode of &ldquo;Company + Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo;. We have established
stable partnerships with over 60
000 farmers to grow crops on the farmland. We provide instruction to the farmers for planting
crops and technical support for seeding and cultivation. The scale cultivation ensures our stable supply of raw material with high
quality.




center for corn with five drying cylinders and six warehouses
 the construction of which was completed in 2011. Our total capacity
of storage and annual turnover of corn has exceeded 100
000 tons and 700
000 tons
 respectively. We are also equipped with fully
automatic and advanced production lines for grain processing with a total production capacity of over 105
000 tons. The advanced
production lines and production technologies help produce grain products with high quality by maintaining the nutritional components
of the products.




warehouses and some rental warehouses with total storage capacity of over 100
000 tons of food products and an annual turnover
of 700
000 tons. This capacity helps us to reach economies of scale with low cost of processing and storage. Our production bases
are located in Jinzhong and Quwo in Shanxi Province with convenient transportation. The Jinzhong facilities and warehouses are
in proximity to Shitai Railway and Provincial Road 317. The Quwo facilities are several kilometers away from Houma
 a transportation
hub. We have exclusive lease agreements with three railway lines for freight transportation in Jinzhong: (a) Shanxi Cereal &amp;
Oil Group
 Mingli Reservation Depot; (b) Shanxi Yuci Cereal Reservation Depot; and (c) YuciDongzhao Railway Freight Station. These
advantageous geographical positions and exclusive agreements help us ensure speedy delivery of our products at a low cost.




a national network for corn and bulk trading with customers including various livestock feed companies
 food manufacturers
 corn
oil/corn starch manufacturing companies
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies. Meanwhile
we sell our processed grain products to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and retail stores. We also developed
export channel to Germany
 Japan and other countries.




Corn Division are simple processed corn. Our products in our Grain Division include packaged and unpackaged grains including millet
soy bean
 green bean
 black rice
 wheat
 etc. Packaged products include: (1) simple processed grain products packaged under our
registered trademarks &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo; and &ldquo;Shitie&rdquo;; (2) bean based products under the brand name &ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;
including vegetarian products and instant noodles made from soybeans
 black beans and green beans; and (3) fruit vinegars and
juices under the brand &ldquo;Longquan Villa&rdquo;. Our products in our Bulk Trading Division include rice
 flour
 wheat
 kidney
beans
 green beans and other agricultural products.


is located in the center of Shanxi Province
 which has a relatively dry climate and which is ideal for grain cultivation. Grain
crop growth relies principally on the climate and rainfall
 and is not dependent on the application of chemical fertilizers or
pesticides. Our simple and deep processing of grains maintain the grain&rsquo;s original nutritional components. A portion of
JinzhongDeyu&rsquo;s grain products are certified as &ldquo;organic&rdquo; by the Beijing ZhongluHuaxia Organic Food Certification
Centre
 the chief organic food certification organization accredited and approved by the Certification and Accreditation Administration
of the PRC (CNCA).


    
    



guidance and support to our farmers regarding seed dissemination
 cultivation methods
 ecological fertilizer
 irrigation
 cultivation
weeding and harvesting. We believe working closely with our farmers helps ensure that we receive high quality raw materials for
production. We also utilize an advanced product control system to help ensure high-quality finished products.




 composed mainly of (a) livestock feed companies
 corn oil/corn starch
manufacturing companies and governmental procurement agencies in our Corn Division; (b) wholesalers distributors
 institutional
clients and retail stores in our Grain Division; and (c) grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies
in our Bulk Trading Division. Our OEM products made of beans are also sold through our export agencies to Japan

the United States and other countries.


accounted for greater than 10% of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated gross revenue for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.
No single customer accounted for greater than 10% of the consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013
 while Beijing
Suning Appliance Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Sunning&rdquo;) accounted for 22.6% of the consolidated accounts receivable for the fiscal
year ended as at December 31
 2012.


we developed large livestock feed companies as our customers
 but our customer base are still diversified and no single customer
accounted for greater than 10% of the division&rsquo;s gross revenue in 2013 or 2012.


 we provided OEM products in 2013 and 2012
 and developed commercial sales of our
grain products to large institutional customers in 2012. Deyufang Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Deyufang&rdquo;)

year ended December 31
 2013
 and Deyufang and Suning accounted for 23.2% and 22.0% of gross sales of the Grain Division for the
fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 respectively.



Division
 Shanxi Helifahua Trading Co.
 Ltd. and JinzhongKangshuaijianmin Food Trading Co.
 Ltd. accounted for 12.7% and 10.4%
of gross sales of the Bulk Trading Division
 respectively for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 and Shanxi Zhengda Co.
Ltd. and Shanxi Guchuan Food Co.
 Ltd. accounted for 27.3% and 23.6% of gross sales of the Bulk Trading Division for the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2012
 respectively.




at our cultivation base in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province
 which produces grains rich in nutrients
 especially minerals
 rutin
 cellulose
amino acids
 chlorophyll
 lecithin and linoleic acid. Shanxi Province is located on the Loess Plateau in the western part of China.
The city of Jinzhong is located in the center of Shanxi Province. We believe the topography of the region creates optimal conditions
for growing grains. Favorable weather conditions
 combined with our geographical conditions lead to high-quality products. There
has been no serious flood or drought in the region in the past 100 years. The temperature difference between day and night is
greater than 10 degrees Celsius. The weather is dry and cold. There are about 158 days without frost during the year and the growing
period is longer than 135 days. The weather conditions are especially favorable for growing corn and grains. Grains are highly
drought resistant. We rely on natural rainfall
 and no irrigation is required throughout the year and no application of chemical
fertilizers or pesticides is needed. Irrigation by underground water is only required under exceptional circumstances.


for our corn and grain in the Shanxi Province is 135+ days
 which requires only one planting per year of the farmland. Our warehouses
have storage capacity of 100
000+ tons and a turnover capacity of 700
000+ tons. We believe that our storage capacity
 combined
with our ability to expand our network of cooperative farmers and farmer&rsquo;s agents
 as well as the ability to expand our
purchasing into other geographical areas in Shanxi Province
 reduces our risks which may be attributable to raw material seasonality.


the raw materials directly from farmers and farmer&rsquo;s agents by payment in advance or immediately after the procurement.
We also purchase raw materials from grain traders. We did not have any suppliers that accounted for 10% or more of total purchases
of raw materials during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2012 and 2013. We purchased raw materials from several suppliers.


    
    



Reserves Corporation Yangshou Directly-Subordinate Warehouse
 Shanxi China Grain Reserves Corporation Taigu Directly-subordinate
Warehouse
 State Grain Reserves Changzhi Directly-subordinate Warehouse and Shanxi China Grain Reserves Corporation Trading Company
accounted for 27.3%
 26%
 24.2% and 18.5% for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 respectively; and TaiguYonghe Grain Trading
Co.
 Ltd.
 Liaoning Jinchen Agriculture Development Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Yijiaren Grain and Oil Trading Co.
 Ltd. accounted for
51.3%
 12.4% and 12.3% of total trade payables as of December 31
 2012
 respectively.






used as raw feed material for pigs
 cattle
 chicken and other livestock. Corn byproducts
 including corn stalks
 are also used
as an important source of feed. Since 1997
 feed production has maintained steady growth. China is now the world&rsquo;s second
largest feed producer according to USDA.


countries
 corn is generally regarded as a &ldquo;health food&rdquo;. In the United States
 it is believed that over 10% of health
foods are made with corn or corn byproducts. Corn oil squeezed from corn germ contains over 10 types of fatty acids
 more than
50% of which are acids rich in vitamins A and E. Corn oil is low in cholesterol and is believed to have positive effects on high
blood pressure and heart disease. Corn oil is also widely used in the pharmaceutical and chemical industries. In recent years
demand for corn for food products in international markets has grown.


as raw material for highly processed industrial products. Corn can be used to produce ethanol as renewable fuels. Global energy
shortages make corn an attractive alternative energy source. With the requirement of environmental protection
 the demand for
corn from ethanol producers has increased dramatically in recent years.




high levels of vitamin B1
 dietary fiber and trace elements. Coarse grains are believed to be beneficial to people with diabetes
or high blood pressure. The Chinese Nutrition Society
 commissioned by the Ministry of Health in 2011 to formulate dietary guidelines
recommends consumption of 250-400 grams per day of processed grain foods for adults. They also recommended that adults consume
50-100 grams per day of coarse grains and whole grain foods and consume 30-50 grams per day of bean or bean-based products. Over
70% of adults in China
 amounting to approximately 665 million people
 are urban residents. Based on these guidelines
 the demand
for grain products by people in urban cities could reach 134 million tons per year.


economic growth and improved living standards in China
 the dietary components of the Chinese population have changed dramatically.
In general
 the population pays more attention to diet and nutrition. Management believes that the increased awareness of the
value and benefits of grain products has resulted in an increased demand for our grain products.




and grain bulk trading industry
 our current major competitors are smaller and local focus traders such as JinzhongDexinchang
Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Jinjian Rice Industry Co.
 Ltd. and Beijing Guchuang Food Co.
 Ltd.
 which are mainly engaged in the corn and
grain bulk procurement and wholesale businesses.


marketplace
 we primarily compete with smaller grain processers and food manufacturers
 which are local in focus
 have a single
production line
 little brand recognition and limited distribution networks. The following table lists our competitors with their
main products:


    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
packaged and unpackaged millet
 soybean

HeshunXinma Grains Development Co.
 LTD
    
packaged and unpackaged millet
beans
 flour

HebeiGaopaidianDouDou Food (Group) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Shandong Daogongfang Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

YantaiYiyuan Beverage Co.
 Ltd.
    
fruit vinegars
 especially apple vinegars

Zhengzhou Luer Biotechnology Development Co.
 Ltd.
    
    





a nationwide and diversified customer base in China
 including Shanxi
 Hebei
 Henan
 Shandong
 Anhui
 Shaanxi
 Sichuan
 Hunan
Hubei
 Guangdong
 Jiangsu
 Liaoning and Chongqing with stable partnerships with various livestock feed companies
 corn oil/corn
starch manufacturing companies and food manufacturers
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies.


 distributors and retail stores in China. We develop commercial
sales of refined grain products to institutional clients. Our OEM products made of beans are also sold through our export agencies
to Japan
 Germany
 






in central and southern Shanxi Province with total site coverage of approximately 1
780
000 square feet (approximately 165
000
square meters) and constructed area of 500
000 square feet (approximately 46
000 square meters). Our facilities are equipped with
advanced crop production
 processing and packaging lines as well as modern equipment.




warehousing
 processing and logistics center is located in Jinzhong with site coverage of 503
000 square feet (approximately 47
000
square meters) and constructed area of 144
000 square feet (approximately 13
000 square meters). The processing center has five
drying cylinders and six warehouses for the storage of 70
000 tons. We have a large rental cave-type warehouse named Shanxi 661
Warehouse with storage capacity of 30
000 tons. We also have contracts for temporary warehouses near railway stations which supplement
our storage capacity. Our total capacity of storage and annual turnover reach over 100
000 tons and 700
000 tons
 respectively.


and water removal treatments for corn before the corn is stored in our warehouses. The five drying cylinders are equipped with
the most advanced equipment for corn drying. After the drying process
 the corn is packaged in bags and moved into warehouses.
Then
 the products undergo insecticide and anti-bacterial treatments. After being sealed and air ventilated
 the products are
then stored in enclosed warehouses.


warehouses are equipped with advanced detection and air ventilation devices to ensure cereals are being kept in good condition.
Ventilation ducts are installed on the ground level of the warehouses. Once moisture is detected
 air ventilation driven by a
blower will help disseminate the overall heat on the cereals. Infrared temperature sensors and 360-degree high resolution cameras
have been installed in each warehouse to allow the control room to conduct 24-hour monitoring for real-time analysis of water
moisture
 mildew and pests so that we can quickly take corrective measures.


that we rent is fully enclosed and have thermostatic and moisture proof characteristics. The cave-type warehouse is built with
1.5 meter thick walls and moisture proof layers. They maintain a temperature of 10 degrees Celsius throughout the year
 which
is well-suited for food storage. Since no air conditioning is required
 the operating costs of these warehouses are low. These
warehouses are also equipped with infrared sensors that can accurately detect temperature changes and the presence of rodents
insects and other pests.


    
    





three fully automatic production lines for millet
 grain and flour at our Jinzhong production base in the center of Shanxi Province
with site coverage of approximately 199
000 square feet (approximately 18
000 square meters) and a constructed area of 119
000
square feet (approximately 11
000 square meters). These lines include various kinds of rice milling machines
 filtering machines
elevators
 color selection machines
 exhaust fans
 automatic packing machines and other equipment. The production capacity of
grain is over 60
000 tons.


base in Quwo
 in the southern part of Shanxi Province
 has site coverage of over 1
076
000 square feet (approximately 100
000
square meters) and a constructed area of 238
000 square feet (approximately 22
000 square meters). This base is equipped with
three kinds of advanced production lines: (1) two production lines for bean-based products with an annual production capacity
of 15
000 tons; (2) two production lines for other grain products with an annual production capacity of over 26
000 tons; and
(3) two production lines for fruit vinegar and fruit juices with an annual production capacity of 4
000 tons. These production
lines are comprised of advanced grain milling
 degreasing
 automatic drying
 packaging
 inspection and testing equipment. At present
less than one third of the land at this production base has been developed. We believe we can develop more production lines for
future demand without acquiring land use rights for more land.


we have installed fully automated production equipment at our facilities. Characteristics of our production lines and equipment
are as follows:



    
    
Production equipment for grain processing is fully automated.
    We use elevators to move raw materials through the production process. The production process is fully enclosed for protection
    against any pollution or contamination. We have installed equipment with advanced color selection technology for grains. We
    believe the device is stable and reliable
 and it features automatic temperature control
 automatic removal of dust and impurities
    automatic air pressure detection
 self injection and light testing. We have a cooling system that helps millet maintain its
    nutritious components
 color and appearance. Selective application of the polishing process helps maintain nutritional components.




    
    
Soybean food series production uses advanced technology of dry
    heat extrusion equipment in oil extraction
 oil purification filling
 milling
 squeezing and other equipment which undertake
    processes of peeling
 crushing
 oil extraction
 milling
 forming
 drying
 shaping
 sterilization
 packaging and other processes
    in the production of various soybean products while retaining most of the raw nutrients.




    
    
Production lines for our fruit vinegar
    and fruit juice include water treatment equipment
 sugar devices
 dispensing equipment
 homogenization equipment
 sterilization
    equipment and aseptic filling equipment. We use Ro water treatment equipment and remote infrared automatic filling equipment.
    Sterilization technology adopts aseptic filling and high temperature sterilization processes to ensure high quality of products
    and advanced
 reliable
 automatic and stable quality for the entire production line.


and technology
 combined with advanced processing techniques
 helps to ensure that grain production is high-quality
 natural
green and ecological. Additionally
 a portion of our grains can be categorized as organic by the Beijing ZhongluHuaxia Organic
Food Certification Centre. We believe the careful management of breeding
 cultivation
 production
 packaging and storage also
leads to high quality products.


quality control with each process in purchasing
 storage
 processing
 packaging and distribution. We keep all items that are examined
in the course of quality control inspections for one year in accordance with National Technology Quality Supervision Bureau requirements.
We cooperate fully with the Bureau during their random testing and examination of our products.




expenses were immaterial for the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012.


    
    


Operating
Model



operating model of &ldquo;Company + Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo; supplemented by advanced production
 strong warehousing
capacity and exclusive logistics. We have established partnerships with over 60
000 farmers for the cultivation of high quality
grains and corn. Based on our supply base
 we have developed the &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo; operating chain of breading
 cultivating
processing
 warehousing and distributing our products.&nbsp;


to the changing market for grain products sold to consumers
 we are streamlining our operational structure. Our initiatives continue
to cultivate the entire value chain concept. With the implementation of new business strategies and resource consolidation/sharing
we believe that we can compete effectively in the industry under the new emerging market conditions.






the purchase and sale of raw corn products. The supervising authority for the purchase and sale of raw corn products is the State
Administration of Grain in China. Pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Food Distribution Management Regulations announced by the State
Council of the PRC
 the State Council Development and Reform Department and the National Food Administration Departments (the
commissions of the National Food Authority) are responsible for the mid and long-term planning of China&rsquo;s overall balance
of food
 regulation
 restructuring of important food species and food distribution. The National Food Administration Department
is responsible for food distribution
 guidance to the industry
 oversight of the food distribution laws
 regulations
 policies
and implementation of rules and regulations. Pursuant to Regulation 9
 food operators must obtain permits and register pursuant
to relevant registration regulations. We have obtained the necessary Food Products Purchase Permit and operate in compliance with
the relevant standards of food quality
 storage
 logistics and facilities.




 purchases
and sales of grain food products are subject to the following rules and regulations in China:



    
    
&ldquo;The Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s
    Republic of China&rdquo; (the &ldquo;Food Safety Law&rdquo;)

    
    
&ldquo;Regulations on the Implementation of the Food Safety
    Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China&rdquo; (the &ldquo;Regulations&rdquo;)

    
    
&ldquo;Law of the People&rsquo;s
        Republic of China on Quality and Safety of Agricultural Products&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Food Distribution Management Ordinance&rdquo;
        


exporting grain food products in oversea markets and therefore our production
 purchase and sales of grain food products are also
subject to the following rules or regulations as they pertain to the food products exporting business:



    
    
&ldquo;Administrative Provisions on the Filing of
    Export Food Manufacturers&rdquo;

    
    
    

    
    
&ldquo;List of Products Requiring HACCP Audit for Filing of
    Export Food Manufacturers&rdquo;

    
    
&ldquo;List of Products Requiring HACCP Audit for Filing of
    Export Food Manufacturers&rdquo;



    
    



the sale of packaged grain products. The supervising authority for such products is the Beijing Bureau of the Industry and Commerce.
Pursuant to Regulation 29 of the Food Safety Laws
 entities engaging in food production
 food distribution and food service
 must
obtain a Food Production Permit
 Food Distribution Permit and Food Service Permit. Those entities that have obtained the Food
Production Permit are authorized to operate a food production business and are not required to apply for a Food Distribution Permit.
However
 we have also obtained the Food Distribution Permit from the Beijing Bureau of Industry and Commerce.


in the production and sale of grain foods. The supervising authority for such production is the Technology Quality Supervision
Bureau of Shanxi Province. Pursuant to Food Safety Laws and ancillary regulations
 China&rsquo;s Head Office of the Technology
Quality Supervision Bureau supervises technology quality of enterprises which are engaged in food production. The Bureau issues
Food Production Permits
 undertakes mandatory examinations of technology quality for entry into the industry and is responsible
for investigation of incidents regarding food safety. Pursuant to Regulation 29 of the Food Safety Laws
 entities engaging in
food production
 food distribution and food service
 must obtain the Food Production Permit
 Food Distribution Permit and Food
Service Permit. Those who have obtained the Food Production Permit are authorized to operate food production businesses and are
not required to apply for a Food Distribution Permit. Deyu has also obtained the nation&rsquo;s Industrial Production Permit from
the Technology Quality Supervision Bureau (Cereals: QS140701040051 and Flour: QS140701016210). Our food labeling complies with
the Interim Measures for Labeling of Food Products of Enterprises in Shanxi Province and GB7718-1994 Standards for Food Products
Labeling and has obtained the relevant registration certificate (Record number SB/1407000-009-01).





of our registered trademarks &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Shitie&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;
 &ldquo;LongQuan Villa&rdquo; and
&ldquo;Fushite&rdquo;
 we do not own any patents
 trademarks
 licenses or franchises on our products or processes. We also own
the rights to the domain name 
 which is currently in good standing.




approximately 443 full time employees and varying numbers of part-time employees working on a seasonal basis.




reporting company&rdquo; and as such
 are not required to provide this information.








are located in Jinzhong and Quwo of Shanxi Province with total site coverage of approximately 1
780
000 square feet (approximately
165
000 square meters) and constructed area of 482
000 square feet (approximately 45
000 square meters). We own a modern processing
center with five drying cylinders for corn and the six warehouses for storage of 70
000 tons and have a large rental warehouse
named the Shanxi 661 Warehouse with a storage capacity of 30
000 tons
 of which the total capacity of annual turnover may reach
more than 700
000 tons. We have eight production lines for grain processing with total production capacity of over 105
000 tons.
Our facilities are equipped with advanced crop production
 processing and packaging lines as well as modern equipment.


    
    



regulations of the PRC
 the PRC Government owns all land. We own the following land use rights for farmland and/or industrial
lands: (1) land use rights of farmland in Jinzhong Shanxi consisting of 17
000 acres (approximately 70
000
000 square meters)
for the remaining average of 36 years; (2) land use right of the industrial land in Quwo
 Shanxi consisting of 1
076
000 square
feet (approximately 100
000 square meters) for the remaining 43 years (3) land use right of the industrial land in Yuci District
of Jinzhong
 Shanxi consisting of 504
000 square feet (approximately 47
000 square meters) for the remaining 47 years; (4) land
use right of the industrial land in Shanzhuangtou
 JinzhongDeyu of 125
000 square feet (approximately 12
000 square meters) for
the remaining 24 years; (5) land use right of the industrial land in Shanzhuangtou
 JinzhongDeyu of 73
000 square feet (approximately
6
800 square meters) for the remaining 48 years.




 2012
the Company&rsquo;s former Chief Financial Officer alleged that the Company may have violated certain state and federal laws and
regulations and upon receipt of such allegations
 the Company's Audit Committee retained counsel to conduct an inquiry into such
allegations. On March 27
 2012
 the Company received a letter asserting a claim of wrongful termination in violation of public
policy wherein the former Chief Financial Officer claims that he was terminated in retaliation for reporting and/or refusing to
participate in such alleged violations. He also claims breach of employment contract and seeks payment of $250
000 plus the issuance
of 60
000 shares of common stock in settlement for the claimed damages therein. On July 23
 2012
 the Company was provided a copy
of a complaint filed in the Superior Court of California
 County of Orange
 repeating the same allegations contained in the March
27
 2012 letter and also asserting claims for intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress and failure to pay wages
due at the time of termination. The Company subsequently filed demurrers to the Complaint that resulted in the plaintiff filing
a First Amended Complaint on September 28
 2012 and a Second Amended Complaint on January 7
 2013
 alleging essentially the same
claims. The Company's answer to the Second Amended Complaint
 along with the Company's Cross-Complaint against the former Chief
Financial Officer
 seeking the return of Company property
 was filed on March 25
 2013 following the most recent demurrer hearing
that was held on March 14
 2013. The answer to the Cross-Complaint was filed on April 5
 2013.


had been set for July 24
 2013. However
 in order to avoid the time and expense of further litigation
 the parties agreed to settle
the action prior to taking plaintiff&rsquo;s deposition. On September 26
 2013
 the court entered the dismissal
 with prejudice
of the entire action
 including the Company&rsquo;s cross-complaint against the plaintiff.


above
 to our knowledge
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of our executive officers or any of our subsidiaries
threatened against or affecting us
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or any of our companies or our companies&rsquo;
subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse
effect.


ITEM 4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Mine Safety
Disclosures.







    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
    Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities





quoted on the OTCBB and the OTC Markets (OTCQB) under the symbol &ldquo;DEYU&rdquo;. There can be no assurance that a liquid market
for our securities will ever develop. Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue sky laws
of various states and foreign jurisdictions. Consequently
 investors may not be able to liquidate their investments and should
be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time.


    
    



summarizes the high and low closing bid prices per share of the common stock for the periods indicated as reported provided by
the OTC Markets Group
 Inc. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 markdown or commissions
 and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions.




    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



with respect to our equity compensation plan as of December 31
 2013:




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
outstanding&nbsp;options

    
    
outstanding&nbsp;options

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans approved
    by security holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans not approved
    by security holders(1)
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp; 495
586
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
750
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;
    495
586
    



 2010
 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors approved the Company&rsquo;s 2010 Share Incentive Plan. On November 8
 2010
 a total of 931
000 non-qualified
incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to executives
 key employees
 independent
directors
 and consultants at an exercise price of $4.40 per share and on December 15
 2010
 40
000 non-qualified incentive stock
shares were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant at an exercise price of $4.40 per share
all of which have vested.


    
    



 2012
the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors increased the number of shares allocated to and authorized for use under the Plan from
1
000
000 shares to 1
245


allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan and granted 420
000 options under the Plan to independent directors
 officers and
key employees of the Company
 of which included some new options and those re-granted after such options were forfeited by other
former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All
of the granted options have vested.


 2012
our Board of Directors allocated to and authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director of the Company after such options
were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their
option agreements. All of the granted options vest as follows:



    
    
    
33 1/3% of the option grants vested one (1) month
    after the date of grant;

    
    
    
33 1/3% of the option grants vested twelve (12) months after
    the date of grant; and

    
    
    
33 1/3% of the option grants shall vest twenty-four (24) months
    after the date of grant.



 2011
we filed a Registration Statement with the SEC on Form S-8 covering up to 1
000
000 shares underlying options which may be granted
under the Plan. As of March 31
 2014
 none of the options granted pursuant to the Plan have been exercised.




reporting company&rdquo; and as such
 are not required to provide this information.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities;
Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities


sell any securities during the period covered by this Report which were not registered under the Act and not previously reported
on a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or a current report on Form 8-K.




 2014
 we had
11
015
029 shares of common stock issued and outstanding to 27 holders of record
 and the closing price of our common stock
as quoted on the OTCQB was $0.34 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners of
common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks
 brokers
 nominees or other fiduciaries.




dividends on any class of common equity since formation.


our private placement in May 2010
 we issued an aggregate 2
455
863 shares of our Series A convertible preferred shares and warrants
exercisable into 982
362 shares of common stock to Investors. Pursuant to the terms of our Series A convertible preferred share
designations
 the holders of our Series A convertible preferred shares are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate
of 5% per annum
 and such shares of Series A convertible preferred stock are convertible into shares of our common stock on a
1:1 basis
 subject to applicable adjustments.


 2011
we issued 66
379 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares as a cumulative Series A convertible preferred share dividend
of $212
420 in aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible preferred stock on a pro rata basis and on January 27
 2012
we issued a Series A convertible preferred share dividend equal to $219
721
 in the aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible
preferred stock on a pro rata basis.


 2012
we issued 55
995 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and $40
315.22 in cash as cumulative Series A convertible preferred
share dividend of $220
052 in aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible preferred stock on a pro rata basis and on January
29
 2013
 we issued 70
124 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares as a cumulative Series A convertible preferred share
dividend of $224
397 in aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible preferred stock on a pro rata basis.


    
    



 2013
we issued 72
534 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares as a cumulative Series A convertible preferred share dividend
of $232
110 in aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible preferred stock on a pro rata basis.


 2014
we issued 75
035 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares as a cumulative Series A convertible preferred share dividend
of $240
089 in aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible preferred stock on a pro rata basis.




reporting company&rdquo; and as such
 are not required to provide this information.

Management&rsquo;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




 unless
otherwise indicated
 the words &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
refer to Deyu Agriculture Corp. and all entities owned or controlled by Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 except where it is made clear
that the term only means the parent or a subsidiary company. References in this report to the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo; or &ldquo;China&rdquo;
are to the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.


The words &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;seek&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;project
&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;may&rdquo; and similar expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements. These statements include
 among others
 information regarding future operations
 future capital
expenditures
 and future net cash flow. Such statements reflect our management&rsquo;s current views with respect to future events
and financial performance and involve risks and uncertainties
 including
 without limitation
 the current economic downturn adversely
affecting demand for the our products; our reliance on our major customers for a large portion of our net sales; our ability to
develop and market new products; our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations; our ability to accurately forecast
amounts of supplies needed to meet customer demand; market acceptance of our products; exposure to product liability and defect
claims; fluctuations in the availability of raw materials and components needed for our products; protection of our intellectual
property rights; changes in the laws of the PRC that affect our operations; inflation and fluctuations in foreign currency rates
and various other matters
 many of which are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties occur
 or
should underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect
 actual results may vary materially and adversely from those anticipated
believed
 estimated or otherwise indicated. Consequently
 all of the forward-looking statements made in this report are qualified
by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance of the actual results or developments.


be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto and other financial information
contained elsewhere in this Annual Report.




processor
 marketer and distributor of organic and other agricultural products made from corn and grains operating in Shanxi Province
in the People's Republic of China. We have a nationwide sales network covering manufacturers
 grain traders
 wholesalers
 distributors
and retail stores. Our facilities include modern warehouses with storage capacity of over 100
000 tons and sophisticated production
lines with annual production capacity of over 105
000 and 700
000 tons for grain products and corn
 respectively.


    
    



set forth below
 by division:



    
    
 &ndash; This division acquires unprocessed corn
    for value-added processing such as cleaning and drying packaging. The main consumers for this division range from livestock
    feed companies to corn oil/corn starch manufacturing companies as well as governmental procurement agencies in China.

    
    
    

    
    
 &ndash;This division acquires unprocessed grains including millet
    green bean
 soy bean
 black rice and many other varieties of grains traditionally grown and consumed in China for value-added
    processing such as peeling
 cleaning
 grinding and packaging. The Grain Division also produces and distributes deep processed
    food products
 such as bean based products
 fruit vinegars and juices
 noodles and other grain products. We sell our processed
    grain products to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients
 etc.

    
    
    

    
    
 &ndash;This division conducts bulk trading through procuring
    and wholesales of rice
 flour
 wheat
 kidney beans
 green beans and other agricultural products. The majority of our customers
    of this division include food manufacturers
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies in
    China.



+ Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo;. We have established long term strategic partnerships with over 60
000 farmers to grow crops
on farmland. We provide extensive agricultural services to the farmers to plan and harvest crops. Services include technical know-how
and support
 such as cultivation methods
 seeding and logistics.


advanced production lines for grain processing with a total production capacity of over 105
000 tons. The advanced production
lines and production technologies help produce grain products with high quality by maintaining the nutritional components of the
products. We operate six self-owned warehouses and some rental warehouses with total storage capacity of over 100
000 tons of
food products and an annual turnover of 700
000 tons. This capacity helps us to reach economies of scale with low cost of processing
and storage. Our production bases are located in Jinzhong and Quwo in Shanxi Province with convenient transportation. We have
exclusive lease agreements with three railway lines for freight transportation in Jinzhong: (a) Shanxi Cereal &amp; Oil Group
Mingli Reservation Depot; (b) Shanxi Yuci Cereal Reservation Depot; and (c) YuciDongzhao Railway Freight Station
 which ensure
speedy delivery of our products at a low cost.


feed companies
 food manufacturers
 corn oil/corn starch manufacturing companies
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental
procurement agencies. Meanwhile
 our processed grain products are sold to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and

Germany
 the United States and other countries.


31
 2013 was $246
350
104
 representing a 3.0% decrease from $254
046
098 for the year ended December 31
 2012. Our net loss available
to common stockholders for the year ended December 31
 2013 was $26
818
 546 representing a 267.5% decrease from $16
008
670 of
net income for the year ended December 31
 2012.




and market conditions
 as well as the negative impacts from some unexpected extreme weather conditions
 our business has faced
great challenges in 2013.


    
    



of demand exceeding supply in the past several years before 2013. Our selling price had an annual average increase of 15.0% and
7.4% in 2011 and 2012
 respectively. However
 since the beginning of 2013
 the corn market has been seeing a weakening demand
with an oversupply and the selling price of corn has been declining. The selling price of corn (including value added tax) in
our Corn Division decreased by more than 8.1% from $427/ton (RMB 2
611/ton) in January of 2013 to $380/ton (RMB 2
322/ton) in
December of 2013. In contrast
 with the rising labor cost and inflation in China
 the lowest price for purchasing corn from farmers
which is guided by the government due to the protective farming policies in favor of farmers
 continues to rise. The lowest guide
price (including value added tax) again increased by $10/ton (RMB 60/ton) to $365 (RMB 2
260) in July 2013. As a result
 the gross
margin of our corn trading business decreased from 15.4% for the year ended December 31
 2012 to 8.1% for the year ended December
31
 2013.


livestock feeds and deep processed products such as corn starch and ethanol. The demand for corn from the two downstream industries
declined dramatically in 2013. First
 livestock farming has been going through a very difficult time in 2013. After a period of
expansion
 the pork market turned to be oversupplied. Pork prices decreased significantly after the Spring Festival of 2013. Many
farmers or companies in the industry started to reduce the livestock raising scale. Second
 with the economy slowing down
 demand
for the deep processed corn products was also very weak. The price of ethanol decreased to its lowest level in the past three
years. A lot of corn deep processing companies have been running under production capacity and have not been profitable. However
corn production had a good harvest in 2012 and 2013. According to National Bureau of Statistics of China
 the output of corn increased
15 million tons
 or 8% to 208 million tons in 2012 compared to 2011
 and the output in 2013 was estimated to be 215 million. Increased
supply over the demand caused the selling price of corn to decrease. In the same period
 there was an influx of low cost corns
imported into the market in the south of China. Given that the demand of corn from downstream industries will continue to be low
we anticipate the oversupply in the corn market will continue to impact our business in the coming months.


the deteriorating efficiency of existing retail distribution channels curtailed our retail grain package sales amidst the increasing
competitiveness in the market. Consequently
 we allocated more grain resources to bulk trading activity
 yet the slowdown in consumer
market growth and competition in the market segment have had negative impacts on the grain bulk trading business. &nbsp;


 we met some unexpected and
extreme weather in Shanxi Province
 which caused serious damage to our inventories and affected our operations. In late April
an unexpected heavy snow storm collapsed the warehouses located in Taiyuan
&nbsp;Shanxi Province which were leased by the Company&rsquo;s
Grain Division and caused about $1.2 million in damage to our grain goods stored in those warehouses. Beginning in May 2013
 Shanxi
had unusually frequent heavy rainfall which caused extreme humidity. As a result
 we reinforced and waterproofed the warehouses
and took measures to prevent inventories from mildewing such as by transferring inventories from one warehouse to the other
 or
drying the inventories by machines frequently. These measures reduced the efficiency of our operations and increased operational
expenses.&nbsp;In the winter
 the weather became extremely warm. Some of our corn inventory mildewed
 which damaged the quality
of the inventory. We recorded approximately $4.5 million as reserve of inventory valuation.


environment
 we assessed the fair value of the land use rights of the farmlands we own in Yuci
 Shanxi Province and the ERP system
used for retail sales in the Grain Division based on our current operation plan. We recorded an impairment loss of $ 6.5 million
for the intangible assets as of December 31
 2013. In the meantime
 we decided to terminate the construction of the factory facility
in the subsidiary of Huichun due to the technical innovation and recorded an impairment loss of $0.8 million on the uncompleted
building as of December 31
 2013.




in China present not only challenges
 but opportunities. In order to adapt to the changing market for grain products sold to consumers
we are streamlining our operational structure. Our initiatives continue to cultivate the entire value chain concept. With the
implementation of new business strategies and resource consolidation/sharing
 we believe that we can compete effectively in the
industry under the new emerging market conditions.



the developer engaged to develop the Company&rsquo;s digital trading and agriculture service platform
 our development contract
with that developer was suspended on March 14
 2014. Management is taking measures to urge the developer to revive and complete
the development under the development contract.


    
    




 Management has commenced
and conducted a cost-saving
 internal control and efficiency assessment review of all of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries and divisions
with particular focus on reducing administrative costs. After the reviews
 improved policies were introduced and implemented forthwith.
The Company intends to continue to conduct periodical reviews and take measures to further strengthen the Company&rsquo;s
 including
subsidiaries
 resources sharing
 strategic planning and management of funds.


Results of Operations for the year ended December 31
 2013
as Compared to the year ended December 31
 2012




    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
246
350
104
254
046
098
(7
695
994
    

    
(227
250
013
(209
325
445
(17
924
568
    

    
(4
478
174
    
(4
478
174
    

    
14
621
917
44
720
653
(30
098
736
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(17
447
531
(16
153
096
(1
294
435
    

    
(13
195
537
(9
619
036
(3
576
501
    

    
(7
346
776
    
(7
346
776
    

    
(37
989
844
(25
772
132
(12
217
712
    

    
(23
367
927
18
948
521
(42
316
448
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
35
193
37
846
(2
653
    

    
(790
438
(1
477
304
686
866
    

    
(403
885
665
270
(1
069
155
    

    
(1
159
130
(774
188
(384
942
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(24
527
057
18
174
333
(42
701
390
    

    
(604
450
(1
765
514
1
161
064
    

    
(25
131
507
16
408
819
(41
540
326
    

    
(1
212
430
    
(1
212
430
    

    
(26
343
937
16
408
819
(42
752
756
    

    
4
160
46
599
(42
439
    

    
(26
339
777
16
455
418
(42
795
195
    

    
(478
769
(446
748
(32
021
    

    
(26
818
546
16
008
670
(42
827
216
    






31
 2013 was $246.3 million
 a decrease of $7.7 million
 or 3.0%
 compared to $254.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2012.
This decrease was the combined result of a decrease of $8.5 million in corn sales
 a decrease of $32.2 million in grain sales
and off-set by an increase of $33.0 million in bulk trading sales. Sales derived from our Corn Division
 Grain Division and Bulk
Trading Division for the year ended December 31
 2013 were $142.6 million
 $41.6 million and $62.2 million
 respectively
 accounting
for 57.9%
 16.9% and 25.2% of total net revenue
 respectively.



    
    



of our sales volume and amount by division and as a percentage of gross sales:



    
    
For&nbsp;The&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
398
940
    
    
    
142
560
749
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
410
199
    
    
    
151
047
762
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(8
487
013
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
022
    
    
    
41
637
805
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
307
    
    
    
73
811
014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(32
173
209
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
92
576
    
    
    
62
151
550
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
64
113
    
    
    
29
187
322
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
964
228
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
514
538
    
    
    
$246
350
104
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
524
619
    
    
    
254
046
098
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
$(7
695
994
    
    
    
    
    




the year ended December 31
 2013 was approximately $142.6 million
 a decrease of $8.5 million
 or approximately 5.6%
 as compared
to $151.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2012. The decrease was mainly the combined result of a decrease of 2.7% in sales
volume and a decrease of 3.0% in the average annual selling price of corn. The decrease was primarily due to the weak demand with
the oversupply in the corn market starting in the beginning of 2013.&nbsp;


the year ended December 31
 2013 was approximately $41.6 million
 a decrease of $32.2 million
 or 43.6%
 as compared to $73.8
million for the year ended December 31
 2012. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decline in commercial sales to institutional
clients and the decline in retail sales in supermarket and convenience stores
 which was caused by the deteriorating efficiency
of traditional retail sales and our strategic shift from grain retail sales to wholesale or bulk trading.


for the year ended December 31
 2013 was approximately $62.2 million
 an increase of $33.0 million
 or 112.9% as compared to $29.2
million for the year ended December 31
 2012. This increase was mainly attributable to our strategic shift from grain retail sales
to wholesale or bulk trading in 2013.




 labor
 utilities
 manufacturing costs

million
 an increase of $17.9 million
 or 8.6%
 as compared to $209.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2013. This increase
was primarily attributable to the increase in sales volume of our bulk trading business and the increase of cost of some raw materials
for grain products.




profit and gross margin by division:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
11
493
696
    
    
23
244
126
    
    

    
5
489
331
    
    
19
714
466
    
    

    
2
117
064
    
    
1
762
061
    
    

    

19
100
091
    
    
44
720
653
    
    

    
(4
478
174
    
    
    
    
    

    
14
621
917
    
    
44
720
653
    
    





    
    


Our gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2013 was $14.6 million

million
 or 67.3%
 as compared to $44.7 million for the year ended December 31
 2012. The decrease was a combined result of an
increase in loss on inventory valuation reserve of $4.5 million
 a decrease in gross profits of $11.8 million in the Corn Division
and a decrease of $14.2 million in the Grain Division
 offset by an increase of $0.4 million in the Bulk Trading Division. Our
gross margin decreased from 17.6% for the year ended December 31
 2012 to 5.9% for the year ended December 31
 2013. The decrease
in gross margin was mainly the combined result of the increase of loss in loss on inventory valuation reserve
 the simultaneous
decline of gross margin in each division
 and the increased sales percentage of our bulk trading business
 which had a relatively



million
 contributing to 78.6% of total gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2013. Gross margin for our Corn Division
was 8.1% for the year ended December 31
 2013
 down by 733 basis points from 15.4% for the year ended December 31
 2012. The decrease
in gross margin was mainly attributable to the weak demand from corn downstream industries including livestock feed companies
and deep processed corn product manufacturers
 with the oversupply of corn by the two good harvests in 2012 and 2013. The average
market sales price of corn decreased 3.0% during the reporting period while the average purchase price of raw corn increased 9.8%
due to the government's protective farming policies in favor of farmers.


$5.5 million
 contributing to 37.5 % of total gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2013. Gross margin for the Grain Division
was 13.2 % for the year ended December 31
 2013
 which decreased by 1353 basis points from 26.7% for the year ended December 31
2012. This decrease in gross margin was primarily due to the increasing cost of raw materials in addition to the strategic shift
from grain retail sales to wholesales
 which yielded relatively lower gross margins but with fewer distribution expenses.


was $2.1 million
 contributing to 14.5% of total gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2013. Gross margin in the Bulk Trading
Division was relatively lower compared to our other Divisions as a result of its high turnover rate and relatively lower cost maintenance.
Gross margin for the Bulk Trading Division was 3.4% for the year ended December 31
 2013
 a decrease of 263 basis points from 6.0%
for the year ended December 31
 2012. This decrease was mainly attributable to market fluctuations in 2013 during the current economic
slowdown.


$4.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2013
 compared to the year ended December 31
 2012. The increase was mainly attributable
to the quality deterioration of some of the corn inventories caused by extreme weather condition and obsolete grain products.




warehousing
 handling
 distribution
 advertising
 farmer subsidies
 payroll and other expenses. Selling expenses for the year
ended December 31
 2013 were $17.4 million
 increased for $1.3 million
 or 8.0% from the $16.2 million for the year ended December
31
 2012. The material fluctuations between the two periods included: (a) an increase of $2.9 million of freight and handling
expenses
 due to an average increase of 13% in railway delivery prices which was announced by the Ministry of Railways of China
in February 2013
 and the extreme humid weather conditions in the third quarter of 2013; and (b) a decrease of $2.0 million in
advertisement and payroll expenses incurred as a result of the reduction of retail sales.




payroll
 professional services
 rental
 travel
 depreciation and amortization. General and administrative expenses for the year
ended December 31

 an increase of $3.6 million
or 37.2% compared to the year ended December 31
 2012. This increase was primarily the combined result of (a) an increase of $1.9
million of allowance for bad debts of account receivables and other receivables; (b) an increase of $0.8 million for management
team enhancement
 as well as business development; (c) an increase of $0.7 million in taxes related to inter-subsidiary fixed
assets transfers.


    
    







 valuation was $7.3
million for the year ended December 31
 2013
 which represented a $5.8 million impairment loss of the land use rights of farmland
located in Yuci
 Shanxi Province
 a $0.8 million loss resulted from the termination of the construction of an uncompleted building
in the subsidiary Huichun and a $0.7 million loss resulted from the idle ERP system for retail sales in the Grain Division. 





31
 2013 was $0.8 million compared to $1.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2012
 a decrease of $0.7 million
 or 46.5%.
This decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the balances on loans. We had a decrease in the average loan balance from $14.6
million for the year ended December 31
 2012 to $7.9 million for the year ended December 31
 2013.




31
 2013 was $0.4 million
 representing the donations to the local community. Non-operating income for the year ended December
31
 2012 mainly represented a gain on the bargain purchase prices in connection with the acquisitions of Taizihu and Huichun.




Law of the PRC
 the standard EIT rate is 25%.&nbsp;Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis on
income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate.&nbsp;According to the Tax Pronouncement [2008] No.
149 issued by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
 the preliminary processing industry of agricultural products is entitled
to EIT exemption starting January 1
 2008.&nbsp;Three of the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiaries located in Shanxi Province
namely JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng and JinzhongYuliang
 are subject to the EIT exemption.&nbsp;All of our other subsidiaries
are subject to the 25% EIT rate.


450 for the
year ended December 31
 2013
 mainly representing the current income tax expenses derived from Taizihu and Huichun
 both of which
were subject to the 25% EIT rate. Income tax expenses were $1
765
514 for the year ended December 31
 2012
 which consisted of
$886
768 in current income tax expenses derived from Taizihu Group and $878
746 in deferred income tax expenses derived from Detian
Yu for valuation allowance for deferred tax assets generated in previous years due to its uncertainty of realization of net operating
losses carryover. The decrease in income taxes was mainly due to the decline of deferred tax expenses.





year ended December 31
 2013 represents $1.2 million in inventory loss due to the collapse of our warehouses under a heavy snow
storm in April 2013.




 we had net loss
 million for the year
ended December 31
 2013 compared to a net income of $16.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2012

million
 or 267.5%.



    
    





of our cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
For
    the Years Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
741
093
12
554
795

    
(518
165
(6
542
938

    
(9
268
200
(9
884
790

Effect of exchange rate change
    on cash and cash equivalents
87
275
68
509

    
(3
957
997
(3
804
424



totaled approximately $5.7 million for the year ended December 31
 2013 and $12.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2012

the decrease in net income. We incurred $26.8 million of net loss available to common stockholders for the year ended December
31
 2013
 while we earned $16.0 million of net income available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31
 2012. We
reduced $11.2 million of inventory for the reduction of working capital for the year ended December 31
 2013
 compared to an increase
of inventory of $8.4 million for the year ended December 31
 2012.


approximately $0.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2013
 mainly for the construction of factories and the purchase of
equipment. Net cash used in investing activities was $6.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2012
 which was mainly consisted
of $5.5 million of the payment for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group and $1.0 million of payment for the construction of factories
and the purchase of equipment.


the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 was approximately $9.3 million and $9.9 million
 respectively. We repaid $9.1 million
of short-term loans from related parties
 repaid $1.0 million of short-term bank loans and received $0.8 million of cash released
from restriction on a credit line of bank loans for the year ended December 31
 2013. We repaid $14.2 million of net proceeds
of short-term bank loans and short-term bank acceptance
 and received $3.3 million of short-term loans from related parties for
the year ended December 31
 2012.


cash flows from operations
 and bank
 related party and unrelated party borrowings will be sufficient to meet our anticipated
cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However
 we may need additional cash resources in the future if we experience changed
business conditions or other developments. We may also need additional cash resources in the future if we find and wish to pursue
opportunities for investment
 acquisition
 strategic cooperation or other similar actions. If we ever determine that our cash
requirements exceed our amounts of cash and cash equivalents on hand
 we may seek to issue debt or equity securities or obtain
a credit facility. Any future issuance of equity securities could cause dilution to our shareholders. Any incurrence of indebtedness
could increase our debt service obligations and cause us to be subject to restrictive operating and financial covenants. It is
possible that
 when we need additional cash resources
 financing will only be available to us in amounts or on terms that would
not be acceptable to us
 if at all.




material contractual obligations as of December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
7
464
856
7
464
856
    
    
    

    
2
413
714
356
597
364
075
347
556
1
345
486

    
9
878
570
7
821
453
364
075
347
556
1
345
486





    
    





financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
 also known as &ldquo;special purpose entities&rdquo;.




condition and results of operations has been prepared by management based on our consolidated financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 management evaluates our critical accounting policies and estimates
 including those
related to revenue recognition
 valuation of accounts receivable
 inventory
 property and equipment
 long-lived assets
 intangible
assets
 derivative liabilities and contingencies. Estimates are based on historical experience and on various assumptions believed
to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. These judgments and estimates affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. We consider the following
accounting policies important in understanding our operating results and financial condition:





statements of Deyu Agriculture Corp. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have
been eliminated in consolidation. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition.


prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The Company&rsquo;s functional currency is the Chinese Yuan
 or Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;);
however
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (&ldquo;USD&rdquo;).


 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share
Exchange
 we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31 to conform to the fiscal year end of City Zone.




statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes its estimates based on historical experience and
various other assumptions and information that are available and believed to be reasonable at the time the estimates are made.
Therefore
 actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.




on hand
 cash in banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.


 2013
 the balance of
restricted cash of $16
519 represents a pledge for a bank loan of $14
867 (RMB90
000) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen
Sub-branch obtained on December 15
 2013.




realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts
 as needed. We assess the collectability
of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
as well as the customer&rsquo;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical
bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns
to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. While management uses the best information available upon which to base estimates
future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used for
the purposes of analysis. As of December 31
 2013
 the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was $984
717. As of December
31
 2012
 the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was not material.&nbsp;




lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a moving-average basis. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs
incurred in delivering products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices
after the balance sheet date or to management&rsquo;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management periodically
evaluates the composition of its inventories at least quarterly to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine
if a valuation allowance is required. As of December 31
 2013
 the balance of reserve for inventory valuation was $4
603
929.
As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of reserve for inventory valuation was not material.




    
    


Property
 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment are stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; in addition
renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is included in operations.


method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    





expended for the construction of a new factory park
 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park
occupied. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory
park construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress will be transferred to property
 plant
 and equipment.



The Company
applies the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 360 (ASC 360)
 &quot;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&quot; which addresses financial accounting
and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived
assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to
be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows
estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based
on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to
be disposed of is determined in a similar manner


 2013
 the Company recorded $773
874 of impairment loss of construction-in-progress.
As of December 31
 2012
 there was no impairment of long-lived assets.
&nbsp;




an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The
carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected
to result from the use of the assets. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded $5
832
800 of impairment loss of the land
use rights of the farmlands and $740


 2012
 there was no impairment of intangible assets.

Fair value
measurements


 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements&rdquo;
(formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at
fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires
that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
 maximize the use of observable units and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and
related disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that
observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would
use in pricing the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs
are inputs that reflect the Company&rsquo;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs
into three broad levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:


    
    




    
    
Level 1 &ndash; Inputs are quoted prices in active
    markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. Valuation
    of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets
    that are readily and regularly available.




    
    
Level 2 &ndash; Inputs other than quoted prices
    in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date
 such as quoted prices for
    similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
    corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.




    
    
Level 3 &ndash; Valuations based on inputs that
    are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined
    using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market
    participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.




pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. On February 12
 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP)
No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC
820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those
fiscal years
 except for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis (at least annually). The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results
of operations for the year ended December 31
 2013.


with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150
 &ldquo;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments
with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&rdquo;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &ldquo;Accounting for Derivative
Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&rsquo;s Own Stock&rdquo;). We have determined ASC 480-10
(formerly SFAS 150) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) had no material effect on our financial position or results of operations
for the year ended December 31
 2013.




policies are in compliance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (&ldquo;SAB 104&rdquo;). The Company recognizes product
revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
(iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv)collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably
assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or
contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer
acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company
assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the
sales price is subject to refund or adjustment.


net of value-added tax (VAT)
 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved
in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit
memo data and other factors known at the time. The sales discounts were not material for the year ended December 31
 2013 and
$819
544 for the year ended December 31
 2012.


products sold through our relationships with grocery store networks. The consumer who purchases the product may exchange it for
the same kind and quantity of product originally purchased. In accordance with FASB ASC 605-15-25-1 and 605-15-15-2
 these are
not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. The returns of our products for the year ended December 31
 2013 and
2012 were not material.


    
    





as incurred or
 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs for the year ended December 31
2013 and 2012 were $298
040 and $1
813
049 respectively.




costs as incurred. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were not material.




 the Financial Accounting
Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &ldquo;Share-Based Payment&rdquo;
which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&rsquo;s ASC Topic 718
&ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation.&rdquo; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation
costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements
over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements
include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share
purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff
regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&rsquo;s views regarding
the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its
requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No.
123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
 or on a modified version of retrospective application
under which financial statements for prior periods are adjusted on a basis consistent with the pro forma disclosures required
for those periods under SFAS No. 123.


of FASB ASC 718 and related interpretations as provided by SAB 107. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant
as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods
of the option grant.




accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred
tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion
of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
 the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


 a tax position is recognized
as a benefit only if it is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with
a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50%
likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; test
 no tax benefit
is recorded. The adoption had no material effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December
31
 2013.




expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes
in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section
of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income
 are components of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the
Company is RMB. The unit of RMB is in Yuan. Translation gains are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders&rsquo;
equity section of the consolidated balance sheet.


    
    





&ldquo;Statement of Cash Flows
&rdquo; cash flows from the Company&rsquo;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies.
As a result
 amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily
agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets.




 FASB issued an amendment
(ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&ndash;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this update
 an
entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates
that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events
and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine
the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value
with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment
for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An
entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for
annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.
The adoption of this guidance had no material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations for the year
ended December 31
 2013.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
&ldquo;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&rdquo;
This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements.
However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented
or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of
net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in
the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net
income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail
about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013.
Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position and results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
&ldquo;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar
Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&rdquo; An unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset. To the extent a net operating loss carryforward
a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction
to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable
jurisdiction does not require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred tax asset for such purpose
the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred
tax assets. The assessment of whether a deferred tax asset is available is based on the unrecognized tax benefit and deferred
tax asset that exist at the reporting date and should be made presuming disallowance of the tax position at the reporting date.
For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013. For nonpublic
entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. Early adoption is permitted.
The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial position
and results of operations.


    
    



 the FASB issued
ASU 2013-12
 &ldquo;Definition of a Public Business Entity&rdquo;. The Board has decided that it should proactively determine
which entities would be within the scope of the Private Company Decision-Making Framework: A Guide for Evaluating Financial Accounting
and Reporting for Private Companies (Guide). This will aim to minimize the inconsistency and complexity of having multiple definitions
of
 or a diversity in practice as to what constitutes
 a nonpublic entity and public entity within U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP) on a going-forward basis. This Update addresses those issues by defining public business entity. The Accounting
Standards Codification includes multiple definitions of the terms nonpublic entity and public entity. The amendment in this Update
improves U.S. GAAP by providing a single definition of public business entity for use in future financial accounting and reporting
guidance. The amendment does not affect existing requirements. There is no actual effective date for the amendment in this Update.
However
 the term public business entity will be used in Accounting Standards Updates which are the first Updates that will use
the term public business entity. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s
consolidated financial position and results of operations.

Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act
of 2012 (the &ldquo;JOBS Act&rdquo;)


an &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised
accounting standards applicable to public companies. We are choosing to &ldquo;opt out&rdquo; of this provision and
 as a result
we will comply with new or revised accounting standards as required when they are adopted. This decision to opt out of the extended
transition period under the JOBS Act is irrevocable.

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk


reporting company&rdquo; and as such
 are not required to provide this information.

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.


to the &ldquo;F&rdquo; pages&nbsp;herein comprising a portion of this Annual Report.

Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures



Item&nbsp;9A.&nbsp;&nbsp;Controls and
Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures


and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 we conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation
 our management
 including our principal executive officer and our principal
financial officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the period covered by this
Annual Report
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange
Act (i) is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time period specified in SEC rules and forms
 and (ii) is accumulated
and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
 as appropriate
to allow appropriate decisions on a timely basis regarding required disclosure.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control structure and procedures over financial reporting (as defined in Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013 based on the framework similarly set forth in Internal
Control &mdash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


    
    



financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in
judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Because of such limitations
 there is a risk that material misstatements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31
 2013 was effective.


does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the permanent exemption rules for smaller reporting companies
 which require the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s
report in this Annual Report.

Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting



over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. However
 continuing to strengthening and improving the Company&rsquo;s
internal and financial controls will remain one of the top priorities for our management.



 Management had commenced
and conducted a cost-saving
 internal control and efficiency assessment review of all of the Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries and divisions
with particular focus on reducing administrative costs. After the review
 improved policies after the reviews were introduced and
implemented forthwith. The Company intends to continue to conduct periodical reviews and take measures to further strengthen the
Company&rsquo;s
 including subsidiaries
 resources sharing
 strategic planning and management of funds.







from his positions as Chief Executive Officer and Director effective as of March 31
 2014 and April 1
 2014
 respectively
 for
the reasons set forth in the letters referenced herein as Exhibits 99.2 and 99.3. The Company disagrees with the assertions found
in the letters. The Board appointed Hong Wang to serve as Acting Chief Executive Officer until the next annual meeting of the Board
or until his successor is duly elected
 qualified and seated
 effective immediately as of April 1
 2014.


31
 2014
 Jan Poulsen resigned from his position as President of the Company. The Company intends to replace the vacancy created
by such resignation in the near future.


 2014
 the Company
closed its New York office. The Company does not intend to reopen this  office at this time.





ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;Directors
 Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance



filing.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
 Chairman of the Board of Directors.

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



ages and positions of certain of our significant employees:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    





relationship between any of the officers
 directors and significant employees of the Company.




office until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers
are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board.


reimbursed for expenses incurred by them in connection with attending Board meetings
 but they do not receive any other compensation
for serving on the Board.




Mr.
Hong Wang
 Acting Chief Executive Officer
 Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors

Effective
as of March 31
 2014
 the Company appointed Mr. Wang to serve as Acting Chief Executive Officer following the resignation of Greg
Chen as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Wang was appointed to serve as a director and subsequently as Chairman of the Board of Directors
of the Company effective April 30
 2012 and August 16
 2013
 respectively. Mr. Wang has served as Vice President of Detian Yu
since October 2009. Prior to that
 Mr. Wang served as General Manager of Shanxi Dongsheng Guarantee Company Limited from February
2009 through October 2009. Prior to that
 Mr. Wang worked for the Labor Bureau of Jinzhong in Shanxi Province from July 1996 through
January 2009. Mr. Wang received his bachelor's degree from the Chinese Agriculture University in 1996.


Ms.&nbsp;Amy He
 Chief Financial Officer



2012
 the Company appointed Ms. He to serve as the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer. Ms. He
 who is resident in the Company&rsquo;s
headquarters in Beijing
 has served as the Company&rsquo;s Acting Chief Financial Officer since February 3
 2012 and prior to
that as Financial Controller since October 2011. Prior to that
 Ms. He served as an audit manager for Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
CPA Ltd. in China from July 2005 through September
 2011
 where she served multinational corporations and Chinese corporate clients
including private companies and public listed companies in the United States. Ms. He earned a Master&rsquo;s Degree in Management
from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree in Accounting from Tsinghua University in China. Ms. He is
also a Certified Public Accountant of China and Certified General Accountant of Canada.


    
    


Ms.&nbsp;Emma Wan
 Corporate Secretary


2012
 the Company appointed Ms. Wan to serve as the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Secretary. Since July 2011
 Ms. Wan has served as
Corporate Controller for the Company. From July 2009 through December 2010
 Ms. Wan served as Associate Director of KTO Corporate
Finance Co. Ltd.
 a Hong Kong company. From August 2004 through June 2009
 Ms. Wan served as M&amp;A Transaction Service Manager
of Deloitte &amp;Touche Financial Advisory Services Limited
 Guangzhou Branch in China. From August 2003 through September 2004
Ms. Wan served as audit senior associate of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA Ltd.
 Shenzhen Branch in China. Ms. Wan is a fellow of
the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of The Chinese Institution of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr.&nbsp;Al Carmona
 Independent Director
and Member of Audit Committee


independent director of the Company effective August 19
 2010. During the last 25 years
 Mr. Carmona has been with Mars &amp;
Co
 a high end international strategy consulting firm
 during which he served as Executive Vice President and Senior Advisor and
has coordinated their Global Business Development Council. With the assistance of Mr. Carmona
 Mars &amp; Co. grew to over 250
professionals worldwide. Mr. Carmona has deep experience in a wide variety of areas including cost and supply chain optimization
brand strategy
 pricing and demand building optimization
 competitive analysis
 portfolio optimization
 business unit turnarounds
as well as acquisition and divestiture analysis. Mr. Carmona has a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Princeton
University and a MBA degree from the Wharton Business School
 University of Pennsylvania.

Mr.&nbsp;Timothy C. Stevens
 Independent
Director and Chairman of Audit Committee


independent director of the Company effective August 19
 2010. Mr. Stevens has over 30 years of executive leadership
 management
and client service experience with the world&rsquo;s leading law
 public accounting
 and management consulting firms. Since January
2011 until recently
 Mr. Stevens served as the Regional Chief Operating Officer
 Asia of Simmons &amp; Simmons
 an international
law firm. Prior to that since 2004
 Mr. Stevens served as the Executive Director of Saul Ewing LLP
 a Philadelphia law firm where
he oversaw all aspects of its day to day business operations with a focus on improving the bottom line and supporting the Firm&rsquo;s
growth strategy and other key objectives. From 1999 to 2003
 he served as the Chief Operating Officer and a member of the Management
Committee in the Hong Kong and China offices of the international law firm Baker &amp; McKenzie where he was responsible for all
operations (other than client service) for Baker &amp; McKenzie&rsquo;s large Hong Kong and China practice. From 1995 to 1998
Mr. Stevens served in the Chairman&rsquo;s office as the Finance and Administrative Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers China
 one
of the world&rsquo;s largest auditing firms
 where he supervised the business plans
 office openings and expansions as well as
the financial management of the firm. Mr. Stevens graduated from Clifton College and Bristol University in the United Kingdom.
He received the ACA qualification from the UK Chartered Accountants&rsquo; Qualification Program in 1974. Mr. Stevens is a licensed
CPA in Massachusetts as well as being a Hong Kong FCPA.

Mr. Xinli Li
 Independent Director
and Member of Audit Committee


director of the Company effective August 16
 2013. Since September 2011
 Mr. Li
 age 48
 has served as a researcher with the Culture
Industry Research Institute at Shenzhen University. Prior to such position
 Mr. Li served as the Head of the Department of Advertising
and as Associate Professor
 at Shenzhen University beginning in November 2004. Also
 from June 1995 until October 2004
 Mr. Li
served as Lecturer in the Department of Advertising at Shenzhen University. Mr. Li earned his Bachelor of Science degree from
Huazhong Normal University
 and his Masters Degree in Tourism Economics from Nankai University.&nbsp;


    
    


Mr. YongqingRen
 Vice President for
the Corn Division


Vice President and General Manager of our Corn Division since April 2004. He was conferred the honorable title of Industrial Restructuring
Leader for two consecutive years and the prize of Top Ten Youth Career Development Contributor by the Yuci Municipal Government.
Mr. Ren is the holder of an undergraduate degree. He is well experienced in corn breeding
 cultivation
 processing
 marketing
and management.

Mr. Yunlin Ding
 Vice President


3
 2012
 the Company appointed Mr. Yunlin Ding to serve as Vice President of Company. Immediately prior to Mr. Ding&rsquo;s appointment
as the Company&rsquo;s Vice President
 he served as Vice President of Detian Yu since July 2009. Mr. Ding also served as vice
general manager of the investment department of BeidaQingniao Group
 a company organized under the laws of China and the holding
company for three companies listed in China and two companies listed in Hong Kong
 from February 2002 to July 2009. Mr. Ding earned
a Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree and a Master&rsquo;s Degree in Economics from Nankai University in 1996 and 1999
 respectively.




various characteristics
 such as experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills
 in making its decision to appoint and nominate
directors to the Board.


experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director. His past work experience working with
companies to optimize their operations and maximize profits gives us the confidence that he will be an asset to our Board of Directors.
Because of this experience
 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.


qualifications
 attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director. His past experience in research and as the head of
the Department of Advertising at Shenzhen University will be an asset to the Company. Because of this experience
 we expect that
he will act in the best interest of the Company.


experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director. His past work experience overseeing the
world&rsquo;s leading law
 public accounting and management consulting firms will be an asset to us and he will be in a strong
position to oversee our operations and corporate governance. Mr. Stevens has financial management expertise
 he is a certified
public accountant (Massachusetts) and he is a chartered accountant (England and Wales). Because of this experience
 we expect
that he will act in the best interest of the Company.


qualifications
 attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director. His experience in agriculture business and industry
will be an asset to us and good for us in building public relationship with farmers
 local governments and financial institution.
Because of this experience
 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.


    
    





to the knowledge of the Company after reasonable inquiry
 no current director or executive officer of the Company during the past
ten years
 has (i) been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or other minor offenses)
 (ii) been a
party to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for any matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement)
that resulted in a judgment
 decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of
 or prohibiting activities subject
to
 U.S. federal or state securities laws
 or a finding of any violation of U.S. federal or state securities laws
 (iii) filed
a petition under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws or has had a receiver appointed for the person&rsquo;s property
or (iv) been subject to any judgment
 decree or final order enjoining
 suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days
the person from engaging in any type of business practice 
 acting as a futures commission merchant
 introducing broker
 commodity
trading advisor
 commodity pool operator
 floor broker
 leverage transaction merchant
 any other person regulated by the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission
 or an associated person of any of the foregoing
 or as an investment adviser
 underwriter
 broker
or dealer in securities
 or as an affiliated person
 director or employee of any investment company
 bank
 savings and loan association
or insurance company
 or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity or engaging in any
activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or
State securities laws or Federal commodities laws
 (v) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by
the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law
 and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission
has not been subsequently reversed
 suspended
 or vacated
 (vi) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action
or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law
 and the judgment in such civil action
or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 (vii) been the
subject of
 or a party to
 any Federal or State judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
 not subsequently
reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation of: (a) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or
regulation
 (b) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist
order
 or removal or prohibition order
 or (c) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with
any business entity
 or (viii) been the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended
or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any
registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member.


pending legal proceedings to which any of the individuals listed above is party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries or has
a material interest adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries.








quoted on the OTCBB and the OTC Markets (OTCQB). Neither the OTCBB nor the OTC Markets have rules regarding director independence.
Accordingly
 although our audit committee charter states that each member shall meet the independence requirements set out by
the applicable listing standards of the securities exchange
 securities association
 SRO
 or stock market on which the Company&rsquo;s
securities are quoted or listed for trading
 we determined that the NASDAQ Marketplace independence requirements were an appropriate
standard to determine independence because these requirements are stricter than the requirements of the OTCBB and the OTC Markets.
Additionally
 we adopted these stricter standards to strengthen our corporate governance and improve internal controls.



exceptions
 under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Marketplace
 a listed company&rsquo;s board of directors must consist of
a majority of independent directors. Currently
 our board of directors has determined that each of the non-management directors
Al Carmona
 Timothy Stevens and Xinli Li
 are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors as defined by the listing standards of NASDAQ
currently in effect and approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and all applicable rules and regulations. All members
of the Audit Committee satisfy the &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards applicable to members of such committee. The board of directors
made this affirmative determination regarding these directors&rsquo; independence based on discussions with the directors and on
its review of the directors&rsquo; responses to a standard questionnaire regarding employment and compensation history; affiliations
family and other relationships; and transactions with the Company. The board of directors considered relationships and transactions
between each director or any member of his immediate family and the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The purpose of
the board of director&rsquo;s review with respect to each director was to determine whether any such relationships or transactions
were inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent under the NASDAQ rules.


    
    





 2010
we established our Audit Committee. The Audit Committee consists of Timothy Stevens
 Al Carmona and Xinli Li
 each of whom is
an independent director. Timothy Stevens
 Chairman of the Audit Committee is each deemed an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;
as defined under Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to represent and assist our board of directors
in its general oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes
 audits of the financial statements and internal
control and audit functions. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include:


The
                                         appointment
 replacement
 compensation
 and oversight of work of the independent auditor
                                         including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor
                                         regarding financial reporting
 for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report
                                         or performing other audit
 review or attest services; and


Reviewing
                                         and discussing with management and the independent auditor various topics and events
                                         that may have significant financial impact on our company or that are the subject of
                                         discussions between management and the independent auditors.


has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee. During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
 the Audit Committee met
7 times.

Procedures for Determining Executive
Compensation


 2010
our Board of Directors approved the adoption of independent director oversight of executive officer compensation. Hereby all matters
regarding executive officer compensation shall be submitted for approval or recommendation by a majority of our independent directors.

Procedures for Selection of Director
Nominees


 2010
the Board of Directors of the Company approved the adoption of the procedures for the selection of director nominees. Hereby a
majority of our independent directors shall recommend and select director nominees.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance


Exchange Act requires our officers and directors
 and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities
to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers
 directors and greater than ten percent shareholders
are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


knowledge
 based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to the Company during its most recent fiscal year
all reports under Section 16(a) required to be filed by its officers and directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners were
filed as of the date of this filing
 except Greg Chen filed a late Form 3.




 2010
 our Board of Directors
adopted a Code of Conduct applicable to all directors
 officers and employees. A copy of such Code of Conduct is referenced as
Exhibit 14.1 herein.



    
    





compensation paid by us
 as well as certain other compensation paid or accrued
 in 2012 and 2013
 to each of the following named
executive officers:&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    
    Option 
    number
    
    ($)
Total
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
73
846
    
    
10
578
84
424

    
    
    
    
    
14
266
14
266

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
410
    
    
79
703
90
11

    
    
15
823
    
100
000
105
408
121
231

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
15
615
    
    
116
139
131
754

    
    
15
654
    
60
000
92
569
108
223

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
27
803
    
    
    
27
803

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
73
846
    
    
3
003
76
849

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
535
    
    
22
191
28
726

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
14
639
    
    
    
14
639

    
    
57
669
    
    
    
57
669

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
9
760
    
    
97
596
107
35

    
    
10
117
    
40
000
90
350
100
467

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
28
829
    
    
    
28
829

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
832
    
    
    
6
832

    
    
    
142
658
    
    
142
658

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
832
    
    
    
6
832

    
    
6
657
158
509
    
    
165
166

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
1
952
    
    
73
197
75
149

    
    
18
785
    
40
000
37
250
    
035

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
9
603
    
    
    
9
603




    
    



 2012
 the Board
appointed Mr. Greg Chen to serve as the Company&rsquo;s President. Effective April 15
 2013
 the Board accepted the amicable resignation
of Mr. Chen as President and appointed him as Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Effective March 31
 2014
 Mr. Chen resigned as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

Hao
served as CEO from April 27
 2010 to April 15
 2013 and also served as President of the Company from April 30
 2012 through October
11
 2012.


3
 2012
 Ms. Amy He was promoted to Acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Ms. He replaced Mr. Charlie Lin
 whose employment
and employment agreement with the Company officially terminated on March 5
 2012 in accordance with the notification procedures
set forth in his employment agreement. Effective May 23
 2012
 Ms. He was promoted to Chief Financial Officer.


2013
 Mr. Jan Poulsen was appointed to serve as President of the Company. &nbsp;Effective March 31
 2014
 Mr. Poulsen resigned
as President of the Company.


 2012
 the Board accepted the amicable
resignation of WenjunTian as the Company&rsquo;s President.


 2013
 the Board
accepted the amicable resignation of Mr. Jianbin Zhou as Chief Operation Officer of the Company.


 2012
 the Board
accepted the amicable resignation of Michael Han as the Company&rsquo;s Corporate Secretary and appointed Emma Wan to serve as
Corporate Secretary.


 2014
 Mr. Junde
Zhang resigned as the Company&rsquo;s Vice President.


 2012
 Mr. Yunlin Ding was appointed
to serve the Company&rsquo;s Vice President.


 2012
 Mr. Li
Ren resigned as the Company&rsquo;s Vice President - Brand and Marketing.


by Mr. Junde Zhang
 Mr. YongqingRen
 Mr. Yunlin Ding and Mr. Li Ren
 they are qualified as executive officers for purposes of
this table.

Outstanding Equity Awards at the End
of the Fiscal Year


summarizes the number of securities underlying outstanding plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    Underlying
    
    Underlying
    
    Awards:Number&nbsp;of
    Securities&nbsp;Underlying
    
    Price&nbsp;($)
    
    
    of&nbsp;Stock&nbsp;That
    
    Shares&nbsp;or
    
    Awards:&nbsp;Number
    of&nbsp;Unearned
&nbsp;Units&nbsp;or
    Other&nbsp;Rights&nbsp;That
    &nbsp;(#)
    
    Awards:&nbsp;Market
    or&nbsp;Payout&nbsp;Value&nbsp;of
    &nbsp;Unearned&nbsp;Shares

    Units&nbsp;or&nbsp;Other
    Rights&nbsp;That&nbsp;Have
    &nbsp;Not&nbsp;Vested&nbsp;($)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Effective February 28
 2014
 Mr. Junde Zhang resigned as the Company&rsquo;s
                                         Vice President. The options granted to Mr. Zhang will be forfeited if he doesn&rsquo;t
                                         exercise the options before May 28
 2014.



    
    









incurred by them in connection with attending Board meetings. The following table presents compensation distributed to our directors
during the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 for serving on the Board of Directors:



    
 or Paid
    in
    
    ($)
 Compensation
    ($)
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
48
000
    
    
48
000

    
19
519
    
    
19
519

    
48
000
    
    
48
000

    
1
627
    
    
1
627

    
20
000
    
    
20
000

    
8
133
    
    
8
133

    
145
279
    
    
145
279

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
48
000
35
667
    
83
667

    
4
755
    
    
4
755

    
12
000
    
    
12
000

    
7
925
    
    
7
925

    
48
000
35
667
    
83
667

    
120
680
71
334
    
192
014



Mr. Xinli Li replaced Mr. Longjiang Yuan as independent director
                                         of the Company on August 16
 2013.


Mr. Jan Poulsen resigned as director of the Company on April 15
                                         2013.


to option awards granted to the directors as at the grant date of the options granted in March 8
 2012
 which is determined in
accordance with ASC Topic 718.&nbsp; For information regarding the fair value of option awards as at the grant date of the options
please refer to Note 19 of the Consolidated Financial Statements &ndash; Share-Based Compensation.




bonus
 deferred compensation or retirement plan.




 2010
the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors approved the Company&rsquo;s 2010 Share Incentive Plan. On November 8
 2010
 a total of
931
000 non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to executives
key employees
 independent directors
 and consultants at an exercise price of $4.40 per share and on December 15
 2010
 40
000
non-qualified incentive stock shares were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant at an
exercise price of $4.40 per share
 all of which have vested.


 2012
the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors increased the number of shares allocated to and authorized for use under the Plan from
1
000
000 shares to the maximum number of shares allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan and granted 420
000 options under
the Plan to independent directors
 officers and key employees of the Company
 of which included some new options and those re-granted
after such options were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with
the terms of their option agreements. All of the granted options have vested.


 2012
our Board of Directors allocated to and authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director of the Company after such options
were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their
option agreements. All of the granted options vest as follows:


vested one (1) month after the date of grant;

vested twelve (12) months after the date of grant; and

shall vest twenty-four (24) months after the date of grant.



    
    



 2011
we filed a Registration Statement with the SEC on Form S-8 covering up to 1
000
000 shares underlying options which may be granted
under the Plan. As of March 31
 2014
 none of the options granted pursuant to the Plan have been exercised.




agreements with any of our directors or executive officers
 and we are not obligated to pay severance or other enhanced benefits
to executive officers upon termination of their employment.

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management



sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of
 March 31
 2014: (i) by each of our
directors
 (ii) by each of the named executive officers
 (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group
 and
(iv) by each person or entity known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of any class of our outstanding shares. As of March
31
 2014
 there were 11
015
029 shares of our common stock outstanding:




    
    

    
    
    of Outstanding Shares of

    
    
    

    
    
2
380
196
    

    
    
1
116
284
    

    
    

1
116
284
    

    
    
1
068
656
    

    
    
748
636
    


    Employees
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
60
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
40
000
    

    
    
1
116
284
    

    
    

1
116
284
    

    
    
55
000
    

    
    
2
380
196
    

    
    
155
471
    

    
    
80
000
    

    
    
    
    

    
5
003
235
    






    
    
Effective March 31
    2014
 Greg Chen and Jan Poulsen resigned as Chief Executive Officer and President
 respectively. Effective April 1
 2014
    Greg Chen resigned as Director of the Company. The Company appointed Hong Wang to serve as Acting Chief Executive Officer
    effective immediately as of April 1
 2014.



Pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the
                                         Exchange Act
 a person has beneficial ownership of any securities as to which such person
                                         directly or indirectly
 through any contract
 arrangement
 undertaking
 relationship
                                         or otherwise has or shares voting power and/or investment power or as to which such person
                                         has the right to acquire such voting and/or investment power within sixty (60) days of
                                         March 31
 2014.

Unless otherwise stated
 each beneficial
                                         owner has sole power to vote and dispose of the shares.

Applicable percentage of ownership
                                         is based on 11
015
029 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 31
 2014
 together
                                         with 1
860
900 shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of convertible preferred
                                         stock
 1
154
273 shares of common stock issuance upon the exercise of warrants
 and 700
000
                                         shares of common stock issuance upon the exercise of exercisable stock options within
                                         sixty (60) days of March 31
 2014 for each beneficial owner.

Mr. Wang
 Mr. Zhang
 Mr. Ren and
                                         Mr. Kwok hold the common stocks of the Company through Expert Venture Limited
 which
                                         registered address is P.O. Box 957
 Offshore Incorporation Centre
 Road Town
 Tortola
                                         British Virgin Islands. The fully diluted percentages of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding
                                         shares of common stock ultimately held by Mr. Wang
 Mr. Zhang
 Mr. Ren and Mr. Kwok are
                                         16.16%
 7.58%
 7.58% and 7.25%
 respectively.

The registered address of Sure Glory
                                         Holdings Limited is P.O. Box 957
 Offshore incorporation Centre
 Road Town
 Tortola
                                         British Virgin Islands. Mr. Yuan Xinlei is the sole and controlling person of Sure Glory
                                         Holdings Limited
 owning the sole share of Sure Glory Holdings Limited.

The Company has
                                         granted to Ms. He options to purchase 60
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan



The Company has
                                         granted to Ms. Wan options to purchase 40
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan



Mr. Zhang holds
                                         20.0% of interests of Expert Venture Limited and accordingly
 indirectly beneficially
                                         owns 1
076
284 shares of our common stock. In addition
 the Company has granted to Mr.
                                         Zhang options to purchase 40
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan
 which have



Mr. Ren holds 20.0%
                                         of interests of Expert Venture Limited and accordingly
 indirectly beneficially owns
                                         1
076
284 shares of our common stock. In addition
 the Company has granted to Mr. Ren
                                         options to purchase 40
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan



The Company has
                                         granted to Mr. Ding options to purchase 55
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan



Mr. Wang holds
                                         42.0% of the interests of Expert Venture Limited and accordingly
 indirectly beneficially
                                         owns 2
019
995 shares of our common stock. In addition
 the Company has granted to Mr.
                                         Wang options to purchase 170
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan
 120
000 of



Mr. Carmona was
                                         an investor in the financing that closed immediately following the Exchange. As of March
                                         31
 2014
 Mr. Carmona owned 53
285 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Shares
                                         9
186 shares of common stock and a warrant exercisable into 18
000 shares of common
                                         stock at an exercise price of $5.06. In addition
 the Company has granted to Mr. Carmona
                                         options to purchase 75
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan



The Company has
                                         granted to Mr. Stevens options to purchase 80
000 shares of our common stock under the
                                         Plan





    
    


ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence




Investment Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Dongsheng International&rdquo;)
 one of the ultimate shareholders of which is WenjunTian
 the Company's
former President and Director 
 loaned to the Company in the aggregate amount of $0 million and $3.1 million in 2013 and 2012
respectively for purposes of working capital supplementation. Such loans are unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date are specified.
As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the amounts due to Dongsheng International were $0 million and $6.0 million under these loans
respectively.


 the
former President and Director the Company
 loaned in the aggregate amount of $0 million and $0.2 million to the Company in the
years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 for purposes of working capital supplementation. Such loans are unsecured
 bear no interest
and no due date are specified. As of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 the amounts due to WenjunTian were $0 million and $2.7 million
under these loans
 respectively.





2013
 YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 the legal representative of which is JunlianZheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 the Vice
President of the Company
 provided a two-year guarantee on a $1.4 million short-term bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District
Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd. by JinzhongYongcheng
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of
which prime rate was based on the six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual
interest rate as of December 31
 2013 was 15.084%. The maturity date is August 22
 2014. JinzhongYongcheng paid $0 towards principal
and $212
886 towards interest on the loan during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013. $1.4 million was outstanding under the
loan as of December 31
 2013.


2013
 YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 the legal representative of which is JunlianZheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 the Vice
President of the Company
 provided a two-year guarantee on a $1.4 million short-term bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District
Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd. by JinzhongYuliang
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which
prime rate was based on the six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest
rate as of December 31
 2013 was 15.084%. The maturity date is August 22
 2014. JinzhongYuliang paid $0 towards principal and
$212
887 towards interest on the loan during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013. $1.4 million was outstanding under the loan
as of December 31
 2013.









conflicts of interest that are inherent in the relationships between our officers and directors.


one or more of our affiliates may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related and unrelated
to the type of business that we own and operate. These persons expect to continue to form
 hold an ownership interest in and/or
manage additional other businesses which may compete with ours with respect to operations
 including financing and marketing
management time and services and potential customers. These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests
of us and other businesses with which our affiliates are associated. Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking
such activities
 and neither we nor our shareholders will have any right to require participation in such other activities.



    
    



 because we
intend to transact business with some of our officers
 directors and affiliates
 as well as with firms in which some of our officers
directors or affiliates have a material interest
 potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests of us and these
related persons or entities. We believe that such transactions will be effected on terms at least as favorable to us as those
available from unrelated third parties.


involving real or apparent conflicts of interest
 we have adopted policies and procedures which require that: (a) the fact of
the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors who authorize or approve
the transaction prior to such authorization or approval
 (b) the transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested outside
directors and (c) the transaction be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors.






sets forth public accounting fees paid and payable to KCCW Accountancy Corp. (&ldquo;KCCW&rdquo;) during the years ended December
31
 2012 and 2013:



    
    
    

    
400
000
220
000

    
60
000
    

    
25
000
10
000

    
    
    



professional services rendered by KCCW for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of the financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Forms 10-Q
 and services that are normally provided by KCCW in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements for that fiscal year.


consist of services by KCCW that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported above under Audit Fees. This category includes accounting consultations on transaction and proposed transaction
related matters. We incurred these fees in connection with the acquisition transaction occurred during the year ended December
31
 2012.


include tax compliance service fees
 which relate to the preparation of U.S. tax returns.


billed by its independent registered public accounting firm for any other fees.




appoints the independent accountant each year and pre-approves the audit services. The Audit Committee chair is authorized to
pre-approve specified non-audit services for fees not exceeding specified amounts
 if he promptly advises the other Audit Committee
members of such approval.




 2012
and 2013
 KCCW was our principal auditor and no work was performed by persons outside of KCCW.



ITEM 15.&nbsp;&nbsp;Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules




are set forth under the &ldquo;F&rdquo; pages of this Annual Report. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they
are either not required
 not applicable
 or the information is otherwise included.



    
    






    
Share Exchange Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Deyu
    Agriculture Corp. (3)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences
    of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (1)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
Form of Lock-Up Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
Securities Escrow Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)




    
Placement Agent Agreement between the Company and
    Maxim Group
 LLC dated January 27
 2010(6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between Hong Wang and Yam Sheung Kwok
    dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between JianmingHao and Yam Sheung
    Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between WenjunTian and Yam Sheung Kwok
    dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between YongqingRen and Yam Sheung
    Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between Junde Zhang and Yam Sheung
    Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Employment Agreement between David Lethem
 as Chief Financial
    Officer
 and the Company dated June 18
 2010 (4)

    
    

    
Certificate from China Organic Food Certification Center dated
    December 21
 2009 (6)

    
    

    
Corn Purchase Letter of Intent between Shanghai Yihai Trading
    Co.
 Ltd.
 Shanxi Office and JinzhongYuliang Agricultural Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 20
 2009 (6)

    
    

    
Warehouse Lease Agreement between Shanxi 661 Warehouse and JinzhongYongcheng
    Agricultural Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 21
 2006 (6)

    
    

    
Warehouse Lease Agreement between Shanxi Means of Production
    Company
 Yuci Warehouse (formerly
 the 671 Warehouse) and JinzhongYongcheng Agricultural Trading Co.
 Limited dated December
    28
 2008 (6)

    
    

    
Railway Lease Agreement between Shanxi Cereal &amp;
                                    Oil Group
 Mingli Reservation Depot and JinzhongYongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Limited

 2006 (6)

    

    
    




    
Railway Lease Agreement between Shanxi Yuci Cereal Reservation
    Depot and JinzhongYongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Limited dated November 15
 2007 (6)

    
    

    
Railway Lease Agreement between YuciDongzhao Railway Freight
    Station and JinzhongYongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 21
 2006 (6)

    
    

    
Agricultural Technology Cooperation Agreement between JinzhongDeyu
    Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. and Millet Research Institute
 Shanxi Academy of Agricultural Science dated October 2007 (6)

    
    

    
Agricultural Technology Cooperation Agreement between Sorghum
    Institute
 Shanxi Academy of Agricultural Sciences and JinzhongDeyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. dated August 24
 2008 (6)

    
    

    
Certificate of Forest Rights for the Yuci Forest Right Certificate
    (2005) No. 01518 dated August 11
 2006 (6)

    
    

    
Farmland Transfer Agreement between Detian Yu Biotechnology
    (Beijing) Co. Ltd. and Shanxi Jinbei Plant Technology Co
 Ltd. dated September 30
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Land Use Rights Acquisition Contract Dated September 30
 2010
    (5)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreement
 dated
    November 16
 2010
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management
    Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreement
 dated
    November 16
 2010
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and JinzhongLongyue Investment Consulting
    Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version) (8)




    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated November 16
    2010
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.
    (English Translated Version) (8)

    
    

    
Business Operation Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and
    among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited
 Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. and each of the
    shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
Business Operation Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and
    among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited
 JinzhongLongyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. and both of the shareholders
    of JinzhongLongyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
Share Pledge Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and among
    Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management
    Co.
 Ltd.: TianWenjun
 HaoJianming
 Yang Jianhui
 Zhou Jianbin
 Ren Li
 RenYongqing
 Zhang Junde and Wang Tao (English translated
    version) (8)

    
    

    
Share Pledge Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and among
    Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of JinzhongLongyue Investment Consulting Co.
    Ltd.: Zhao Jing and Zhao Peilin (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Equity Acquisition Option Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
&nbsp;&nbsp;by
    and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment
    Management Co.
 Ltd.: TianWenjun
 HaoJianming
 Yang Jianhui
 Zhou Jianbin
 Ren Li
 RenYongqing
 Zhang Junde and Wang Tao (English
    translated version) (8)

    
    

    
Equity Acquisition Option Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
&nbsp;&nbsp;by
    and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of JinzhongLongyue Investment Consulting
    Co.
 Ltd.: Zhao Jing and Zhao Peilin (English translated version) (8)

    

    
    




    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by
    and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and JinzhongLongyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English Translated
    Version) (8)

    
    

    
Village Collective Farmland Transfer Agreement
 dated December&nbsp;20
    2010
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Jinbei Plant Technology Development Co.
 Ltd.
    (English Translated and Mandarin Versions)&nbsp;(9)

    
    

    
Contract of Agreement
 effective as of January 10
    2011
&nbsp;&nbsp;by and between Deyu Agriculture Corp. and Charlie Lin (10)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    

    
Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
    302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    

    
Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted
    Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002**




    
Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
    As Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002**

    
    

    
Audit Committee Charter adopted August 19
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Resignation Letter
 dated March 31
 2014
 submitted by Greg Chen as Chief Executive Officer and Jan Poulsen as President of the Company

    
    

    
Resignation Letter
 dated April 1
 2014
 submitted by Greg Chen as Director of the Company

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed
    on May 3
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form
    S-1 filed on July 8
 2009.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on June 4
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on June 18
    2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on October 6
    2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1/A filed on October
    21
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form S-8 filed on November
    5
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on November
    17
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on December
    21
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on January 10
    2011.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on May 3
 2010.




 not filed herewith.


    
    





Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    

    
    
    

Date: April 4
 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Hong Wang
 Principal Executive Officer
 Acting Chief 
    



Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on the dates indicated.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Director and Chairman of the Board
 Principal Executive Officer and Acting Chief Executive
    Officer
    
April 4
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 4
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 4
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 4
 2014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
April 4
 2014





    
    


DEYU AGRICULTURE
CORP AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
December 31
 2013



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    
ax&nbsp;
                           
        
        


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM





of Deyu Agriculture Corp. and Subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2013 and 2012
 and the related consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income
 equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s
management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&nbsp;&nbsp;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit includes examining
on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the
overall consolidated financial statement presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Deyu Agriculture Corp. and Subsidiaries
as of December 31
 2013 and 2012 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




 California

 2014



 Diamond Bar
CA 91765
 USA

529 1580 &bull; info@kccwcpa.com


    
    


DEYU AGRICULTURE
CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
979
282
4
937
279

    
16
519
815
348


 net
32
326
897
33
991
288

    
44
441
397
214

    
15
318
224
30
322
191

    
4
363
298
6
145
840

    
1
161
302
1
453
184

    
115
507
340
456

    
54
325
470
78
402
800

    
    
    


 plant
 and equipment
 net
19
251
051
19
442
599

    
    
2
614
491

    
60
129
58
426


 net
7
827
809
13
389
075

    
    
    

    
81
464
459
113
907
391

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
464
856
8
323
623

    
8
538
544
5
179
729

    
1
990
479
2
249
282

    
1
002
885
1
506
776

    
73
790
305
712

    
247
614
229
171

    
14
306
8
668
552

    
282
179
986
153

    
19
614
653
27
448
998

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.001 par value
    10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
182
628 and 2
039
970 shares outstanding
 respectively
2
183
2
040


 $.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
    10
618
266 and 10
658
266 shares outstanding
 respectively
10
618
10
658

    
21
225
146
20
781
439

    
7
897
730
5
737
793

    
32
681
588
59
500
134

    
61
817
265
86
032
064

    
32
541
426
329

    
61
849
806
86
458
393

    
    
    

    
81
464
459
113
907
391



part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
246
350
104
254
046
098

    
(227
250
013
(209
325
445

    
(4
478
174
    

    
14
621
917
44
720
653

    
    
    

    
(17
447
531
(16
153
096

    
(13
195
537
(9
619
036

    
(7
346
776
    

    
(37
989
844
(25
772
132

    
(23
367
927
18
948
521

    
    
    

    
35
193
37
846

    
(790
438
(1
477
304

    
(403
885
665
270

    
(1
159
130
(774
188

    
    
    

    
(24
527
057
18
174
333

    
(604
450
(1
765
514

    
(25
131
507
16
408
819

    
(1
212
430
    

    
(26
343
937
16
408
819

    
4
160
46
599

    
(26
339
777
16
455
418

    
(478
769
(446
748

    
(26
818
546
16
008
670

    
2
150
517
910
907

    
(24
668
029
16
919
577

    
9
420
(4
467

    
(24
658
609
16
915
110

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
625
170
10
598
603

    
10
625
170
12
614
108




notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2011
1
997
467
1
997
10
564
774
10
565
20
367
138
4
831
353
43
491
465
436
940
69
139
458

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
31
521
31
521

    
(13
492
    
13
492
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
55
995
    
    
    
179
128
    
    
    
179
184

    
    
    
    
    
120
853
    
    
    
120
853

    
    
    
80
000
    
114
320
    
    
    
114
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
906
440
    
4
467
910
907


 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
008
669
(46
599
15
962
070


 2012
2
039
970
2
040
10
658
266
10
658
20
781
439
5
737
793
59
500
134
426
329
86
458
393

    
142
658
    
    
    
456
363
    
    
    
456
506

    
    
    
    
    
44
504
    
    
    
44
504

    
    
    
(40
000
    
(57
160
    
    
    
(57
200

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
159
937
    
(9
420
2
150
517


    HebeiYugu
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(469
147
(469
147

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
88
939
88
939


 2013
    
    
    
    
    
    
(26
818
546
(4
160
(26
822
706


 2013
2
182
628
2
183
10
618
266
10
618
21
225
146
7
897
730
32
681
588
32
541
61
849
806



part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


DEYU AGRICULTURE
CORP. AND SUBSIDIARIES





    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(26
818
546
16
008
670

    
    
    

    
2
366
220
2
297
082

    
7
346
776
    

    
    
    

    
1
212
430

    

    
4
478
174
    

    
1
925
357
    

    
44
504
120
853

    
478
769
446
748

    
(57
200
114
400

    
    
(499
079

    
    
878
746

    
(4
160
(46
599

    
    
    

    
1
649
532
2
649
036

    
358
771
226
755

    
11
182
382
(8
383
187

    
1
931
601
1
987
857

    
(244
860
(40
331

    
    
    

    
1
841
803
2
967
217

    
(319
381
(6
471
286

    
(1
631
079
297
336

    
5
741
093
12
554
795

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(518
165
(128
383

    
    
(900
487

    
    
(5
501
046

    
    
(33
294

    
    
20
272

    
(518
165
(6
542
938

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(9
053
440
3
312
931

    
(1
024
757
(12
658
509

    
809
997
1
281
894

    
    
(1
585
087

    
    
(267
721

    
    
31
702

    

(9
268
200
(9
884
790

    
    
    

    
87
275
68
509

    
    
    

NET
DECREASE IN CASH &amp; CASH EQUIVALENTS

(3
957
997
(3
804
424


 BEGINNING BALANCE
4
937
279
8
741
703


 ENDING BALANCE
979
282
4
937
279

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
841
593
678
420

    
743
653
1
815
269

    
    
    


 plant
 and equipment
767
494
    

    
1
045
640
    




part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    





NOTE 1. NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT
PREPARATION


 formerly
known as Eco Building International
 Inc.
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 23
 2008. We completed
the acquisition of City Zone Holdings Limited (&ldquo;City Zone&rdquo;)
 an agricultural products distributor in the Shanxi Province
of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;) engaged in procuring
 processing
 marketing
 and distributing
various grain and corn products
 by means of a share exchange effective April 27
 2010. As a result of the share exchange
 City
Zone became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We currently conduct our business primarily through operating PRC subsidiaries
 including
JinzhongDeyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;JinzhongDeyu&rdquo;)
 JinzhongYuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;JinzhongYuliang&rdquo;)
JinzhongYongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;JinzhongYongcheng&rdquo;)
 Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;)
Shanxi Huichun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huichun&rdquo; and together with Taizihu
 the &ldquo;Taizihu Group&rdquo;) and
Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Detian Yu&rdquo;) and Detian Yu&rsquo;s subsidiaries.


 2010
 our Board of Directors adopted a resolution
to change our name to &quot;Deyu Agriculture Corp.&quot; and FINRA declared the name change effective on June 2
 2010.




 2010
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement
(&ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;) pursuant to which we issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock
 par value $ 0.001 per share
to Expert Venture Limited (&ldquo;Expert Venture&rdquo;)
 a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
 and
the other shareholders of City Zone (the &ldquo;City Zone Shareholders&rdquo;). As a result of the Share Exchange
 City Zone became
our wholly-owned subsidiary and City Zone Shareholders acquired a majority of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock.


 the Share Exchange has been accounted for as a
reverse acquisition using the purchase method of accounting
 whereby City Zone is deemed to be the accounting acquirer (the legal
acquiree) and we are to be the accounting acquiree (legal acquirer). The financial statements before the date of the Share Exchange
are those of City Zone with our results being consolidated from the date of the Share Exchange. The equity section and earnings
per share have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse acquisition and no goodwill has been recorded.


on July 27
 2009 under the BVI Business Companies Act of 2004. In November 2009
 pursuant to the restructuring plan set out below
City Zone became the holding company of a group of companies comprising Most Smart International Limited (&quot;Most Smart&quot;)
Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co. Limited (&ldquo;Shenzhen Redsun&rdquo;)
 Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Shenzhen
JiRuHai&quot;)
 Detian Yu
 JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng and JinzhongYuliang.




 pursuant to a restructuring plan intended
to ensure compliance with PRC rules and regulations
 City Zone
 through a series of acquisitions and wholly-owned subsidiaries
acquired 100 % of the equity interests in JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYuliang
 and JinzhongYongcheng. The former shareholders and key
management of JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng
 and JinzhongYuliang became the ultimate controlling parties and key management
of City Zone. This restructuring has been accounted for as a recapitalization of JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng and JinzhongYuliang
with no adjustment to the historical basis of the assets and liabilities of these companies
 while the historical financial positions
and results of operations are consolidated as if the restructuring occurred as of the beginning of the earliest period presented
in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. For the purpose of a consistent and comparable presentation
 the consolidated
financial statements have been prepared as if City Zone had been in existence since the beginning of the earliest and throughout
the whole periods covered by these consolidated financial statements.


    
    





 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a company organized under
the laws of PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 entered into a Stock Equity Transfer Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
whereby Shenzhen Redsun acquired 100 % of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of the Taizihu Group. In consideration
for the acquisition of Taizihu Group
 Shenzhen Redsun paid $ 2
342
168 (RMB 14
773
222 ) in cash to Mr. Hao He
 an individual
for 50 % of Taizihu
 $ 1
522
409 (RMB 9
602
594 ) in cash to Mr. QingheXu
 an individual
 for 32.5 % of Taizihu and $ 819
759
(RMB 5
170
628 ) in cash to Mr. JinqingXie
 an individual
 for the remaining 17.5 % of Taizihu. Immediately prior to the execution
of the Agreement
 Taizihu owned 85 % of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of Huichun
 and pursuant to the terms
of the Agreement
 Shenzhen Redsun acquired the remaining 15 % of the share capital of Huichun from Beijing Kanggang Food Development
Co.
 Ltd. for $ 817
845 (RMB 5
158
556). The total amount of the consideration paid for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group was
$ 5
502
181 (RMB 34
705
000)
 and such consideration was determined pursuant to arm&rsquo;s length negotiations between the parties.
As a result of the acquisition
 the Company currently owns and controls 100 % of the Taizihu Group.




follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
British&nbsp;Virgin&nbsp;Islands
&nbsp;July&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2009
20
283
581
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Hong Kong
 March 11
 2009
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (Shenzhen Redsun)
The PRC
 August 20
 2009
30
000
    
Holding company of Shenzhen JiRuHai
 Taizihu and Huichun

    
    
    
    
    

Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd.(Shenzhen JiRuHai)
The PRC
 August 20
 2009
14
638
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (Detian Yu)
The PRC
 November 30
 2006
7
637
723
    
Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed packaged
    food products and staple food. Holding company of the following first five entities.

    
    
    
    
    

JinzhongDeyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (JinzhongDeyu)
The PRC
 April 22
 2004
1
492
622
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

JinzhongYongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (JinzhongYongcheng)
The PRC
 May 30
 2006
1
025
787
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

JinzhongYuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (JinzhongYuliang)
The PRC
 March 17
 2008
13
963
243
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Tianjin Guandu Food Co.
 Ltd. (Tianjin Guandu)
The PRC
 June 21
 2011
1
544
497
    
Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed packaged
    food products and staple food.

    
    
    
    
    

HebeiYugu Grain Co.
 Ltd. (HebeiYugu)
The PRC
 July 25
 2011
1
563
824
    
Wholesale distribution of grain products and operating or acting
    as an agent of import &amp; export business for grain products.

    
    
    
    
    

Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;) (1)
The PRC
 July 27
 2003
1
208
233
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Shanxi HuiChun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;) (1)
The PRC
 September 2
 2007
2
636
192
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
The PRC
 October 10
 2012
3
152
138
    
Procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.



    
    



of the Company on February 2
 2012 through a business acquisition. They have been within the scope of consolidation since February
2
 2012.






financial statements of Deyu Agriculture Corp. and its subsidiaries. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions
have been eliminated in consolidation. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition.


prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The Company&rsquo;s functional currency is the Chinese Yuan
 or Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;);
however
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (&ldquo;USD&rdquo;).


 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share
Exchange
 we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31 to conform to the fiscal year end of City Zone.




conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes its estimates based on historical experience and various other assumptions
and information that are available and believed to be reasonable at the time the estimates are made. Therefore
 actual results
could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.




 cash in
banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.


 2013
 the balance of restricted cash of
$16
519 represents a pledge for a bank loan of $14
867 (RMB90
000) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Sub-branch
obtained on December 15
 2013.




of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts
 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based
primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&rsquo;s
payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these
reserves. While management uses the best information available upon which to base estimates
 future adjustments to the allowance
may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used for the purposes of analysis. As of December
31
 2013
 the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was $984
717. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of allowance for doubtful
accounts was not material.&nbsp;




Cost is determined on a moving-average basis. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in delivering products
to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date
or to management&rsquo;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management periodically evaluates the composition of
its inventories at least quarterly to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.
As of December 31
 2013
 the balance of reserve for inventory valuation was $4
603
929. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of
reserve for inventory valuation was not material.


    
    


Property
 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; in addition
 renewals and betterments
are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is included in operations.


the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
        
        

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





construction of a new factory park
 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress
is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress will be transferred to property
 plant
 and equipment.



The Company applies the provisions
of FASB ASC Topic 360 (ASC 360)
 &quot;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&quot; which addresses financial accounting and reporting
for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets
to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded
on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to
be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed
of is determined in a similar manner
As
of December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded $773
874 of impairment loss of construction-in-progress. As of December 31
 2012
 there
was no impairment of long-lived assets.




 an impairment
loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount
of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result
from the use of the assets. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded $5
832
800 of impairment loss of the land use rights

102 of impairment loss of the ERP system for
retail sales in the Grain Division. As of December 31
 2012
 there was no impairment of intangible assets.


    
    





 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements&rdquo; (formerly
SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity
measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
 maximize the use of observable units and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and related
disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing
the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs
that reflect the Company&rsquo;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad
levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:



    
    
Level 1 &ndash; Inputs are quoted prices in active
    markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. Valuation
    of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets
    that are readily and regularly available.




    
    
Level 2 &ndash; Inputs other than quoted prices
    in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date
 such as quoted prices for
    similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
    corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.




    
    
Level 3 &ndash; Valuations based on inputs that
    are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined
    using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market
    participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.




require or permit fair value measurements. On February 12
 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective
Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial
assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 except
for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually).
The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations for the year
ended December 31
 2013.


both liabilities and equity under ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150
 &ldquo;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics
of Both Liabilities and Equity&rdquo;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &ldquo;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments
Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&rsquo;s Own Stock&rdquo;). We have determined ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150)
and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) had no material effect on our financial position or results of operations for the year ended
December 31
 2013.




with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (&ldquo;SAB 104&rdquo;). The Company recognizes product revenue when the following
fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to
the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company
recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally
used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company assesses whether a price
is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to
refund or adjustment.


tax (VAT)
 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period
that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data and other
factors known at the time. The sales discounts were not material for the year ended December 31
 2013 and $819
544 for the year
ended December 31
 2012.


    
    




our relationships with grocery store networks. The consumer who purchases the product may exchange it for the same kind and quantity
of product originally purchased. In accordance with FASB ASC 605-15-25-1 and 605-15-15-2
 these are not considered returns for
revenue recognition purposes. The returns of our products for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were not material.





as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were
$246
128 and $1
813
049 respectively.




incurred. Research and development expenses for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were not material.




 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &ldquo;Share-Based Payment&rdquo;
 which
replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&rsquo;s ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Compensation
&ndash; Stock Compensation.&rdquo; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based
compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period
during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include
stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase
plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding
the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&rsquo;s views regarding the
valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements
using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies
may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
 or on a modified version of retrospective application under which financial
statements for prior periods are adjusted on a basis consistent with the pro forma disclosures required for those periods under
SFAS No. 123.


and related interpretations as provided by SAB 107. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value
of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option
grant.




ASC Topic 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for
income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are
recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
 the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only
if it is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized
on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; test
 no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption
had no material effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31
 2013.


    
    





 expenses
 gains
and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such
items
 along with net income
 are components of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The unit
of RMB is in Yuan. Translation gains are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders&rsquo; equity
section of the consolidated balance sheet.




 &ldquo;Statement of
Cash Flows
&rdquo; cash flows from the Company&rsquo;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result
amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with
changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets.




 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to
Intangibles&ndash;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this update
 an entity has the option
first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely
than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity
is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value
of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying
amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived
intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to
resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment
tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance
had no material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations for the year ended December 31
 2013.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &ldquo;Comprehensive
Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&rdquo; This ASU does not
change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this
guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented
or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of
net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in
the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net
income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail
about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013.
Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position and results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
(Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax
Credit Carryforward Exists.&rdquo; An unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented
in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset. To the extent a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar
tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction
to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable
jurisdiction does not require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred tax asset for such purpose
the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred
tax assets. The assessment of whether a deferred tax asset is available is based on the unrecognized tax benefit and deferred
tax asset that exist at the reporting date and should be made presuming disallowance of the tax position at the reporting date.
For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013. For nonpublic
entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2014. Early adoption is permitted.
The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial position
and results of operations.


    
    



 the FASB issued ASU 2013-12
 &ldquo;Definition
of a Public Business Entity&rdquo;. The Board has decided that it should proactively determine which entities would be within
the scope of the Private Company Decision-Making Framework: A Guide for Evaluating Financial Accounting and Reporting for Private
Companies (Guide). This will aim to minimize the inconsistency and complexity of having multiple definitions of
 or a diversity
in practice as to what constitutes
 a nonpublic entity and public entity within U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP) on a going-forward basis. This Update addresses those issues by defining public business entity. The Accounting Standards
Codification includes multiple definitions of the terms nonpublic entity and public entity. The amendment in this Update improves
U.S. GAAP by providing a single definition of public business entity for use in future financial accounting and reporting guidance.
The amendment does not affect existing requirements. There is no actual effective date for the amendment in this Update. However
the term public business entity will be used in Accounting Standards Updates which are the first Updates that will use the term
public business entity. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position and results of operations.




 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company
 acquired 100 % of the equity interests of the Taizihu Group for cash consideration of $ 5
502
181 (RMB 34
705
000).&nbsp;&nbsp;The
acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the purchase method of accounting.&nbsp;The&nbsp;Taizihu Group&rsquo;s
results of operations were included in Deyu&rsquo;s results beginning February 2
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp; The purchase price has been
allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their fair value at the acquisition date as summarized in
the following:



    
5
502
181

    
    

    
    

    
28
867

    
240
474


 net
133
863

    
1
373
222

    
840
849

    
5
412

    
445
287


 plant
 and equipment
 net
5
891
772

    
1
673
997

    
57
705

    
59
448


 net
2
823
087

    
(6
499
683

    
(319
077

    
(225
819

    
(167
453

    
(65
192

    
(80
551

    
(214
948

    
6
001
260

    
    

    
(499
079



    
    








    





    
    
    

    
33
311
614
33
996
165

    
(984
717
(4
877


 net
32
326
897
33
991
288








    





    
    
    

    
1
020
486
7
730
831

    
49
717
73
131

    
17
752
203
21
761
558

    
1
099
747
756
671

    
(4
603
929
    

    
15
318
224
30
322
191





603
929 of reserve for inventory valuation
as of December 31
 2013
 among which $4
517
335 was for the quality deterioration of some of the corn inventories caused by extreme
weather condition and $86
594 was for obsolete grain products. The reserve for inventory valuation was not material as of December
31
 2012.








    





    
    
    

    
    
876
1
003
871

    
368
827
155
883

    
    
163
443

    
    
599
129
987

    
1
161
302
1
453
184


NOTE 7. PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
1
046
542
1
010
594

    
17

188
16
534
542

    
1

007
467
739

    
8

357
7
435
413

    
    
398
611
907

    
28
039
492
26
060
195

    
(8
788
441
(6
617
596


 plant
 and equipment
 net
19
251
051
19
442
599



Quwo in Shanxi Province
 China are used for production
 warehousing and offices for our corn and grains business.


 2013
 $ 5.8 million (RMB 35.2 million) of
buildings
 machinery and equipment owned by the Taizihu Group were pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans.


2013 and 2012 were $ 1
983
394 and $1
890
960
 respectively.





    
    






 2013
 the Company determined to terminate
the construction of the factory facility Huichun due to the technical innovation and assessed the fair value of the uncompleted
building is zero. The Company recorded an impairment loss of $697
360. The carrying amount of the construction of the building
was $697
360 and was written


land allocated to the construction of the factory was $1
045
640 and was reclassified to intangible assets.


324 as of December
31
 2013 mainly represents payment on the renovation of the staff canteen in Huichun.








    





    
    
    

    
14
698
916
13
158
508

    
1
081
531
1
059
004

    
(1
277
565
(828
437

    
(6
675
073
    

    
7
827
809
13
389
075




 the PRC Government
owns all lands. The Company owns the land use rights of farmland s and industrial lands.



 one of the Company owned land use rights of
the 17
000 acres of farmlands in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province. There is no active market for trading of land use rights of those
farmlands and the Company couldn&rsquo;t assess the fair value of the land use rights based on quoted prices in active markets.
The Company assessed the fair value of the land use rights based on discounted cash flow and determined that it was less than
the carrying value. An impairment loss in the amount of $5
832
800 was recorded for the year ended December 31
 2013. The carrying
value of the land use rights of the farmlands was $7
893
006 and was written down to $1
969
540. The Company used unobservable
inputs based on its experience and knowledge of the market
 as such
 the Company classifies the fair value of this asset within
Level 3.


by JingzhongDeyu for retail sales of the Grain Division was not applicable for the current business operation due to the reduction
of retail sales
 and determined to write down its carrying value of $740
102 to zero. An impairment loss in the amount of $740
102
was recorded for the ERP system and B2C platform for the year ended December 31
 2013.


667 square meters with the
PRC Government in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province where JinzhongDeyu's buildings and production facility are located. The term of the
right is four to five years and is automatically renewed upon expiration. The right was fully amortized as of December 31
 2010
using the straight-line method. On June 18
 2012
 the Company received the extended land use right certificate and the term of
the right has been extended to March 14
 2037.


on 100
000 square meters of industrial land with the PRC Government in Quwo County
 Shanxi Province where Taizihu Group&rsquo;s
buildings and production facility are located. The term of the right is 50 years from October 28
 2008 to October 27
 2058. The
amortization of the land use right was commenced in October 2008 using the straight-line method over 50 years.


 2013
 $3
989
615 (RMB 24 million) of the
land use right owned by Taizihu Group was pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans.


2013 and 2012 were $382
826 and $406
122
 respectively.




    
    









    
December 31

December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing
    interest at the prime rate based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.
    
    

during the contract period
as of December 31
 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of
December 31
 2012 was 6.00%
    
    

The term of the loan started from August 14
 2012 with maturity
    date on August 13
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.
    
    

On July 31

075

000).
    
    

As of December 31
 2013
 the loan balance was $2
411
748 (or RMB14
600
000.00).
    
    

As of the date of this filing
 the Company has been
    in negotiation with the lender on renewal of the loan. The Company is not currently able to predict the probability of the
    success on the renewal and will repay the loan immediately if the loan cannot be renewed.
2
411
748
2
407
666

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing
    interest at the prime rate
 based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.
    
    

during the contract period
as of December 31
 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of
December 31
 2012 was 6.00%
    
    

The term of the loan started from September 18
 2012 with maturity
    date on September 17
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.
    
    

As of the date of this filing
 the Company has been in negotiation
    with the lender on renewal of the loan. The Company is not currently able to predict the probability of the success on the
    renewal and will repay the loan immediately if the loan cannot be renewed.
1
486
694
1
444



    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union
    Co.
 Ltd.
 &nbsp;bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on
    six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rates as of
    December 31
 2013 were 15.084%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from September 6
 2013 with maturity
    date on August 22
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing
    Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23
 2014.
1
404
100
    

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union
    Co.
 Ltd.
 &nbsp;bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on
    six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rates as of
    December 31
 2013 were 15.084%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from September 6
 2013 with maturity
    date on August 22
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing
    Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23
 2014.
1
404
100
    

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing
    interest at the prime rate
 based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.
    
    

The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2013 was 6.0%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from January 4
 2013 with maturity
    date on January 3
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.
    
    

As of the date of this filing
 the Company has been in negotiation
    with the lender on renewal of the loan. The Company is not currently able to predict the probability of the success on the
    renewal and will repay the loan immediately if the loan cannot be renewed.
743
347
    

    

    
    




    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications Gongzhufensubbranch
    bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The
    People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2013 was 6.0%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from December 15
 2013 with maturity
    date on December 16
 2014.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Detian Yu.
14
867
    

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications Gongzhufensubbranch
    bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The
    People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 were 6.0%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from December 12
 2012 with maturity
    date on December 12
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and was paid off on December 12
 2013.
    
14
446

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union
    Co.
 Ltd.
 &nbsp;bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on
    six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rates as of
    December 31
 2012 were 15.084%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity
    date on August 29
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing
    Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.
    
    

The loan was paid off on September 5
 2013.
    
1
364
344

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union
    Co.
 Ltd.
 &nbsp;bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on
    six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rates as of
    December 31
 2012 were 15.084%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity
    date on August 29
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing
    Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.
    
    

The loan was paid off on September 5
 2013.
    
1
364
344

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to Dah Sing Bank (China) Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest
    at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest
    rate released by The People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rates as of December 31
 2012 were 7.2%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from July 18
 2012 with maturity date
    on July 17
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by MrTianWenjun for a period of one year starting
    from July 18
 2013.
    
    

The loan was paid off on July 17
 2013.
    
1
284
08


    
    
    

0
511

000
000) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 &nbsp;bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus
    50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank
    of China.&nbsp;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 w
    
    

The term of the loan started from September 28
 2012 with maturity
    date on September 27
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr. TianWenjun for a period of
    one year.
    
    

On September 27
 2013 the loan was paid off.
    
120
383

    
    
    

Loan payable to Hangzhou TianCi Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.
    an unrelated party.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was unsecured
 bearing no interest and no due date were specified. The loan was obtained
    by Jiruhai.
    
    

As of December 31
 2013
 the balance of loan was transferred to
    other income.
    
58
910

    
    
    

Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimensubbranch
    bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest
    rate released by The People's Bank of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;The actual interest rates as of December 31
 2012 were 7.20%.
    
    

The term of the loan started from January 11
 2012 with maturity
    date on January 10
 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;The loan was obtained by Detain Yu and guaranteed by Beijing Agriculture Guarantee Ltd.
    
    

for a period of one year starting from November 30
 2011.
    
    

The loan was paid off on January 10
 2013.
    
264
843

    
    
    

    
7
464
856
8
323
623



    
    








    





    
    
    

    
261
714
428
552

    
167
046
288
584

    
574
125
789
640

    
1
002
885
1
506
776





31
 2013 represents $4
391
580 of loss on inventory valuation reserve due to the quality deterioration of some of the corn inventories
caused by extreme weather condition and $86
594 of loss on inventory valuation reserve for obsolete grain products.





 valuation was $7
346
776
for the year ended December 31
 2013
 which represents $5
832
800 impairment loss of the land use rights of farmland located in
Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province
 $773
874 loss resulted from the termination of the construction of an uncompleted building in the subsidiary
Huichun
 and $740
102 loss resulted from the idle ERP system for retail sales in the Grain Division.






in the United States of America and is subject to the U.S. federal and state taxation. No provision for income taxes have been
made as the Company has no taxable income in the U.S. The applicable income tax rate for the Company for the year ended December
31
 2013 and 2012 was 34 %. No tax benefit has been realized since a 100 % valuation allowance has offset deferred tax asset resulting
from the net operating losses.




 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated
in the BVI and
 under the current laws of the BVI
 is not subject to income taxes.


    
    





 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated
in Hong Kong. Most Smart is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and income arising in or derived
from Hong Kong. No provision for income taxes have been made as Most Smart has no taxable income in Hong Kong.




the PRC
 the standard EIT rate is 25 %. The PRC subsidiaries of the Company are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis
on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate. According to the Tax Pronouncement [2008] No.
149 issued by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
 the preliminary processing industry of agricultural products is entitled
to EIT exemption starting January 1
 2008. Three of the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiaries located in the Shanxi Province
China
 including JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng and JinzhongYuliang
 are subject to the EIT exemption. All other subsidiaries
and consolidated variable interest entities are subject to the 25% EIT rate.



 2013 and 2012:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
604
450
886
768

    
604
450
886
768

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
878
746

    
604
450
1
765
514



to the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



tax assets as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 are presented in the following table:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
090
602
3
430
118

    
435
844
391
339

    
440
331
88
208

    
5
966
777
3
909
665

    
(5
966
777
(3
909
665


 net
    
    



 2013
 the Company accrued a 100% valuation
allowance on its deferred tax assets based on the assessment on the probability of future reversion.


    
    






n April 19

 an unexpected heavy snow storm collapsed the warehouses
located in Taiyuan
 Shanxi Province which were leased by the Company&rsquo;s Grain Division and caused about $1
212
430 in damage
to our grain goods stored in those warehouses.





share was as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2013:
    
    
    


    stockholders - basic
(26
818
546
10
625
170
    


    stocks
    
    
    


    - diluted
(26
818
546
10
625
170
    

    
    
    
    


 2012:
    
    
    

    
16
008
670
10
598
603
    


    stocks
446
748
2
015
505
    

    
16
455
418
12
614
108
    








 2010
 we completed the acquisition of City Zone
by means of a Share Exchange with (i) City Zone
 (ii) the City Zone Shareholders and (iii) our principal shareholders (see NOTE
1). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange
 Expert Venture and the other City Zone Shareholders transferred to us all of
the shares of City Zone in exchange for the issuance of 8
736
932 shares of our common stock so that Expert Venture and the other
minority shareholders of City Zone shall own at least a majority of our outstanding shares.


contemplated thereby. The directors of City Zone also approved the Share Exchange and the transactions contemplated thereby.


    
    



 we acquired 100 % of the
equity interests of City Zone
 the business and operations of which now constitute our primary business and operations through
its wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries. Specifically
 as a result of the Share Exchange:



    
    
We issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock to the City Zone Shareholders;

    
    
The ownership position of our shareholders who were holders of common stock immediately
    prior to the Share Exchange changed from 100 % to 9.5 % (fully diluted) of our outstanding shares; and

    
    
City Zone Shareholders were issued our common stock constituting approximately 65.71 % of
    our fully diluted outstanding shares.



 we entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with certain accredited investors (the &ldquo;Investors&rdquo;) for
the issuance and sale in a private placement of 1
866
174 Units at $ 4.40 per Unit
 with each Unit consisting of one share of
Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $ 0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Investor Shares&rdquo;) and a warrant to purchase
0.4 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $ 5.06 per share (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;). We initially received
gross proceeds from the sale of the 1
866
174 Investor Shares and Warrants to purchase up to 746
479 shares of our common stock
of $ 8
211
166 (the &ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;).


 we also entered into
a registration rights agreement (the &ldquo;Registration Rights Agreement&rdquo;) with the Investors
 in which we agreed to file
a registration statement (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
to register for resale the Investor Shares
 within 60 calendar days of April 27
 2010
 and use our best efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective within 180 calendar days of April 27
 2010. We agreed to pay monthly liquidated damages in cash to
each Investor equal to 0.5 % of the dollar amount of the purchase price of the Investor Shares
 on a pro rata basis
 for each
30 day period the Registration Statement is not declared effective
 up to a maximum of 8 % of the purchase price
 however on October
21
 2010
 the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective and no liquidated damages were incurred.


 Maxim Group
 LLC
acted as our financial advisor and placement agent (the &ldquo;Placement Agent&rdquo; or &ldquo;Maxim&rdquo;). The Placement Agent
received a cash fee equal to 7 % of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement. Maxim also received warrants to purchase 171
911
shares of our common stock at a price per share of $ 4.84 (the &ldquo;Placement Agent Warrants&rdquo;). Pursuant to the original
placement agreement entered into by and between Detian Yu and the Placement Agent on January 27
 2010 (the &ldquo;Original Placement
Agreement&rdquo;)
 we engaged the Placement Agent to act as the exclusive agent to sell the Units in this offering on a &ldquo;commercially
reasonable efforts basis.&rdquo; The Placement Agent also received a cash corporate finance fee equally to 1 % of our gross proceeds
raised in the offering
 payable at the time of each closing; five ( 5 ) year warrants to purchase that number of shares of Series
A convertible preferred stock equal to 5 % of the aggregate number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock underlying
the Units issued pursuant to the offering; and a non-refundable cash retainer of $ 25
000 payable upon the execution of the retainer
agreement. We also agreed to pay for all of the reasonable expenses the Placement Agent incurred in connection with the offering.


 2010
 we closed on the second and final round of
the private placement offering for the issuance and sale of 589
689 Units
 consisting of 589
689 shares of Series A convertible
preferred stock and 235
883 five-year Series A Warrants with an exercise price of $ 5.06 per share
 to certain Investors for total
gross proceeds of $ 2
594
607 .


805
750 in the offering
in two closing events. As of the final closing
 we had 9
999
999 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. In connection
with the offering
 we issued a total of 2
455
863 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and 982
362 Series A Warrants
to the investors. Additionally
 the Placement Agent received 171
911 warrants.




 we had 9
999
999
shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Between the final closing of the Private Placement and December 31
 2013
 an aggregate
of 538
267 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock and an aggregate
of 80
000 shares of common stock were issued. As of December 31
 2013
 the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding
was 10
618
266 shares.


    
    





A Preferred&rdquo;) are entitled to receive cumulative dividends in preference to the holders of our common stock at an annual
rate of 5 % of the applicable per Series A Preferred original purchase price (the &ldquo;Dividend Preference&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Dividends&rdquo;).
If
 after the Dividend Preference has been fully paid or declared and set apart
 the Company shall make any additional distributions
then the holders of Series A Preferred shall participate with the holders of common stock on an as-converted basis with respect
to such distributions. Dividends are payable in cash or shares of Series A Preferred
 at the Company&rsquo;s option.


 dissolution or winding up of the Company
the holders of Series A Preferred will be entitled to receive
 out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to
its shareholders
 an amount equal to $ 4.40 per share (the &ldquo;Liquidation Preference Amount&rdquo;)
 before any payment shall
be made or any assets distributed to the holders of the common stock (the &ldquo;Liquidation Preference&rdquo;).


 at the
option of the holder at any time on or after the issuance of the Series A Preferred
 without the payment of additional consideration
to convert the Series A Preferred into a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock equal to: (i) the Liquidation
Preference Amount of such share divided by (ii) the Conversion Price in effect as of the date of the conversion in accordance
with the Certificate of Designations of the Series A Preferred.


Series A Preferred
 the conversion price of Series A Preferred was subject to adjustment for issuances of common stock (or securities
convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock) at a purchase price less than the conversion price of the Series A Preferred.
The Series A Preferred Stock does not contain any repurchase or redemption rights.


and conditions of convertible preferred stock to determine (i) if the nature of the hybrid financial instrument
 based upon its
economic risks
 is more akin to an equity contract or a debt contract for purposes of establishing classification of the embedded
conversion feature and (ii) the classification of the host or hybrid financial instrument. Based upon a review of the terms and
conditions of the Series A Preferred
 the Company has concluded that the financial instrument is more akin to an equity financial
instrument. The major consideration underlying this conclusion is that the Series A Preferred is a perpetual financial instrument
with no stated maturity or redemption date
 or other redemption that is not within the Company&rsquo;s control. Other considerations
in support of the equity conclusion included the voting rights and conversion feature into common shares. While the cumulative
dividend feature may
 in some instances
 be likened to a debt-type coupon
 the absence of a stated maturity date was determined
to establish the cumulative dividend as a residual return
 which does not obviate the equity nature of the financial instrument.
Further
 there are no cash redemption features that are not within the control of our management. As a result
 classification
in shareholders&rsquo; equity is appropriate for the Series A Preferred.


 2013
 an aggregate of 538
267 shares of
Series A Preferred were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock and an aggregate of 265
032 shares of Series A Preferred
were issued as dividends to the shareholders of Series A Preferred. As of December 31
 2013
 the total number of shares of Series
A Preferred issued and outstanding was 2
182
628 shares.


 2013 and 2012
 the Company
recorded $478
769 and $446
748 preferred dividend expenses
 respectively.




Agent having strike prices of $ 5.06 and $ 4.84 
 respectively
 and they expire five (5) years from the original date of issuance.
The strike prices are subject to adjustment only for changes in our capital structure
 but allow for cashless exercise under a
formula that limits the aggregate issuable common shares. There are no redemption features embodied in the warrants and they have
met the conditions provided in current accounting standards for equity classification.


    
    



362 Series A Warrants sold together with the
Series A Preferred to the Investors
 each of which:


entitles
                                         the holder to purchase one (1) share of common stock;

are
                                         exercisable at any time after consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase
                                         Agreement and shall expire on the date that is five years following the original issuance
                                         date of the Series A Warrants;

are
                                         exercisable
 in whole or in part
 at an exercise price of $5.06 per share of common stock;
                                         and


are
                                         exercisable only for cash (except that there will be a cashless exercise option if
 after
                                         twelve months from the Issue Date
 (i) the Per Share Market Value of one share of common
                                         stock is greater than the Warrant Price (at the date of calculation) and (ii) a registration
                                         statement under the Securities Act providing for the resale of the common stock issuable
                                         upon exercise of Warrant Shares is not in effect
 in lieu of exercising the Series A
                                         Warrant by payment of cash).


    
    



to $ 10
805
750. Direct financing costs totaled $ 1
742
993
 of which $ 1
555
627 was paid in cash and the balance of $ 187
366
represents the fair value of warrants linked to 171
911 shares of our common stock that were issued to Maxim. The proceeds and
the related direct financing costs were allocated to the Series A Preferred and the Series A Warrants (classified in paid-in capital)
based upon their relative fair values. The following table summarizes the components of the allocation:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
248
092
1
039
978
11
288
070

    
    
    
    

    
9
810
227
995
523
10
805
750

    
(1
581
550
(161
443
(1
742
993

    
    
187
366
187
366

    
8
228
677
1
021
446
9
250
123





A Warrants
 and the issuance of the Series A Warrants to Maxim required the estimation of fair values of the financial instruments
on the financing inception date. The development of fair values of financial instruments requires the selection of appropriate
methodologies and the estimation of often subjective assumptions. We selected the valuation techniques based upon consideration
of the types of assumptions that market participants would likely consider in exchanging the financial instruments in market transactions.
The Series A Preferred was valued based upon a common stock equivalent method
 enhanced by the cumulative dividend feature. The
dividend feature was valued as the estimated cash flows of the dividends discounted to present value using an estimated weighted
average cost of capital. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes-Merton Valuation Technique because it embodies all of
the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility
 estimated terms and risk free rates) necessary to fair value these instruments.


calculation for allocations of certain elements of the financing arrangement
 principally proceeds and the related direct financing
costs. The following tables reflect assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Series A Preferred:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
1
866
174
589
689

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
6
631
403
2
083
094

    
    
659
821
209
439

    
    
7
291
224
2
292
533

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    



as follows:



    
    
Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
    and liabilities
 or derived there from. There were no level 1 inputs.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs. Inputs for which any parts are level 3 inputs are
    classified as level 3 in their entirety.




    
    
Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market
    price was indicative of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the common stock price value was derived
    implicitly from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result
    of an arm&rsquo;s length transaction. The Private Placement was composed of shares of Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants
    which were both indexed to our common stock; accordingly
 we used an iterative process to determine the value of our common
    stock in order for the fair value of the Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants to equal the amount of consideration received
    in the Private Placement.




    
    
Dividend horizon- We estimated the horizon for dividend payment at 2
    years.

    
    
WACC- The rates utilized to discount the cumulative dividend cash flows to their present
    values were based on a weighted average cost of capital of 18.94 % and 18.60 %
 as of April 27
 2010 and May 10
 2010
 respectively.
    This discount rate was determined after consideration of the rate of return on debt capital and equity that typical investors
    would require in an investment in companies similar in size and operating in similar markets as Deyu Agriculture Corp. The
    cost of equity was determined using a build-up method which begins with a risk free rate and adds expected risk premiums designed
    to reflect the additional risk of the investment. Additional premiums or discounts related specifically to us and the industry
    are also added or subtracted to arrive at the final cost of equity rate. The cost of debt was determined based upon available
    financing terms.

    
    
Significant inputs and assumptions underlying the model calculations related to the warrant
    valuations are as follows:



the fair value of the Series A Warrants:



    
    
    Value

 2010

 2010

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
746
479
130
632
235
883
41
279

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



as follows:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    




    
    
Risk-free rate- This rate is based on publicly-available yields on zero-coupon
    U.S. Treasury securities with remaining terms to maturity consistent with the remaining contractual term of the Series A Warrants.

    
    
Expected volatility- We did not have a historical trading history sufficient to develop
    an internal volatility rate for use in the model. As a result
 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical trading
    volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were used
    as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model
 no one company was weighted more heavily.




    
    
    




    
    
Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market
    price was indicative of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the stock price was determined implicitly
    from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&rsquo;s
    length transaction.

    
    
Remaining term- We do not have a history to develop the expected term for our warrants.
    Accordingly
 we have used the contractual remaining term in our calculations.



outstanding As of December 31
 2013:



    

    
    
    

    
982
362
    

    
171
911
    

    
1
154
273
    




    
    


 2013
1
154
273

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2013
1
154
273


NOTE
18. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION


 2013
 the Company had one share-based compensation

504
and $ 120
853 for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The related income tax benefit recognized was $ 15
131
and $ 40
136 for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. A 100 % valuation allowance was assessed against the
deferred tax assets derived from such tax benefit as of December 31
 2013 and 2012.


 2010
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
approved the Company&rsquo;s 2010 Share Incentive Plan.&nbsp;On November 8
 2010
 a total of 931
000 non-qualified incentive stock
options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to executives
 key employees
 independent directors
and consultants at an exercise price of $ 4.40 per share and on December 15
 2010
 40
000 non-qualified incentive stock shares
were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant at an exercise price of $ 4.40 per share
 of
which shall vest as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
    



 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors increased
the number of shares allocated to and authorized for use under the Plan from 1
000
000 shares to the maximum number of shares
allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan and granted 420
000 options under the Plan to independent directors
 officers and
key employees of the Company
 of which included some new options and those re-granted after such options were forfeited by other
former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All
of the granted options vest as follows:



    
50 % of the options granted vested six (6) months after the date of the
    grant; and

    
    



 2012
 our Board of Directors allocated to and
authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director of the Company after such options were forfeited by other former employees
as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All of the granted
options vest as follows:


    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    



of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. The model is based
on the assumption that it is possible to set up a perfectly hedged position consisting of owning the shares of stock and selling
a call option on the stock. Any movement in the price of the underlying stock will be offset by an opposite movement in the options
value
 resulting in no risk to the investor. This perfect hedge is riskless and
 therefore
 should yield the riskless rate of
return. As the Black-Scholes option pricing model applies to stocks that do not pay dividends
 we made an adjustment developed
by Robert Merton to approximate the option value of a dividend-paying stock. Under this adjustment method
 it is assumed that
the Company&rsquo;s stock will generate a constant dividend yield during the remaining life of the options.


the fair value of the option award:

Options granted on November 8
 2010:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Options granted on December 15
 2010:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Options granted on March 8
 2012:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Options granted on November 23
 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    



as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
Risk-free rate- This rate is based on continuous compounding of publicly-available
    yields on U.S. Treasury securities with remaining terms to maturity consistent with the expected term of the options at the
    dates of grant.




    
    
Expected volatility- We did not have a historical trading history sufficient
    to develop an internal volatility rate for use in the model. As a result
 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical
    trading volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were
    used as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model
 no one company was weighted more heavily.




    
    
    




    
    
Expected lives- The expected lives of options granted were derived from
    the output of the option valuation model and represented the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.

    
    
    

    
    
Expected forfeitures per year- The expected forfeitures are estimated at the dates of grant
    and will be revised in subsequent periods pursuant to actual forfeitures
 if significantly different from the previous estimates.



values of stock options and changes in the assumptions used in the model could result in materially different fair value estimates.
The actual value of the stock options will depend on the market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock when the stock options
are exercised.


31
 2013
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2013 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2013
1
124
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(374
000
    
    
    


 2013
750
000
    
3.52
                                         years
678
329


 2013
700
000
    
3.73
                                         years
674
756

    
750
000
    
3.74
                                         years
    



rate is applied.


as of December 31
 2013
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2013 is presented below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2013
310
000
131
974

    
    
    

    
(210
000
(98
511

    
(50
000
(29
890


 2013
50
000
3
573




    
    


NOTE
19. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS





    
    

    



    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
8
427



 the former Chief Operating Officer of the Company
is the legal representative of Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. The prices in the transactions with related parties
were determined according to the market price sold to or purchased from third parties.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    


 Ltd.
44
441
43
182

    
    
34
330


 Ltd.
    
4
333

    
    
315
369

    
44
441
397
214



Mr. WenjunTian
 the former President and Director of the Company is the Executive Director of Jinshang International Finance Leasing
Co.
 Ltd. Mr. Feng Liu is the legal representative and the non-controlling shareholder of Jilin Jinglong.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    

14
306

    



 Ltd.
    
6
007
929

    
    
2
660
623

    
14
306
8
668
552



 the former President and Director of the Company
is the President and Executive Director of Dongsheng International Investment Co.
 Ltd. Those loans as of December 31
 2012 are
unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date is specified.




 2013
 YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
of which the legal representative is JunlianZheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 the Vice President of the Company
 provided guarantees
on short-term loans obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and JinzhongYuliang.


 2012
 Mr. WenjunTian provided guarantees
on short-term loans obtained by Detian Yu. YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 of which the legal representative is JunlianZheng
the wife of Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Company
 provided guarantees on short-term loans obtained by JinzhongYongcheng
and JinzhongYuliang.



    
    


NOTE
20. SEGMENT REPORTING


280. The segments
 including corn division
 grain division and bulk trading division
 are identified primarily based on the structure
of allocating resources and assessing performance of the group.


farmers
 simple processing and distributing to agricultural product trading companies through wholesale. The business of the grain
division is conducted by processing and distributing grains and other products. The business of the bulk trading division is conducted
by bulk purchasing and the sale of raw grain.




    
    
    
    
    
    


 2013
    
    
    
    
    

    
142
560
749
41
637
805
62
151
550
    
246
350
104

    
(4
391
580
(86
594
    
    
(4
478
174

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
8
774
2
844
6
869
16
707
35
193

    
(425
773
(316
831
(47
834
    
(790
438

    
(417
000
(313
987
(40
965
16
707
(755
245

    
(533
709
(1
718
252
(4
202
(110
058
(2
366
221

    
    
    
    
4
160
4
160

    
(11
316
324
(2
614
032
(64
083
(12
349
498
(26
343
937






    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
    
    
    
    
    

    
151
047
762
73
811
014
29
187
322
    
254
046
098

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
61
720
    
    
    
61
720

    
17
224
11
799
8
803
    
37
846

    
(610
087
(607
362
(259
855
    
(1
477
304

    
(592
863
(595
563
(251
052
    
(1
439
458

    
(577
814
(1
691
300
    
(27
604
(2
297
082

    
    
    
    
46
599
46
599

    
10
149
332
9
611
166
26
505
(3
378
184
16
408
819




Sales to exporting agencies were denominated in RMB
 the Company&rsquo;s functional currency and were accounted for as domestic
sales. All long-lived assets are located in China. The following tables set forth our three major customers in each segment:



    
    

    



    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    

ChenduJindou Animal Nutrition Food Co.
 Ltd.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ng Innovation
                                 Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.

    
    

Beijing Tianhuajingyu Trading Co.
 Ltd.

    
    

Tianjin Qianna Trading Co.
 Ltd.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    




    
    


NOTE
21. CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK


 2013 and December 31
 2012
 all of the Company&rsquo;s
cash balances in banks were maintained within the PRC where no rule or regulation currently in place to provide obligatory insurance
for bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
it is not exposed to such risks on its cash balances in banks.


 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&rsquo;s
sales were generated in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and December 31
 2012 were due from
customers located in the PRC.


consolidated gross revenue for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 or consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
2013 and December 31
 2012.

NOTE
22. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES




 warehouses and offices under
operating leases. Future minimum lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more are
as follows:





    

    
356
597

    
190
297

    
173
778

    
173
778

    
173
778

    
1
345
486

    
2
413
714


NOTE
23. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS


25
 2014
 the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring recognition as
of December 31
 2013 have been incorporated into the accompanying consolidated and combined financial statements
 and those requiring
disclosure have been fully disclosed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855
 &ldquo;Subsequent Events&rdquo;.


    














     










    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
British&nbsp;Virgin&nbsp;Islands
&nbsp;July&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2009
20
283
581
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Hong Kong
 March 11
 2009
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (Shenzhen Redsun)
The PRC
 August 20
 2009
30
000
    
Holding company of Shenzhen JiRuHai
 Taizihu and Huichun

    
    
    
    
    

Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd.(Shenzhen JiRuHai)
The PRC
 August 20
 2009
14
638
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (Detian Yu)
The PRC
 November 30
 2006
7
637
723
    
Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed
    packaged food products and staple food. Holding company of the following first five entities.

    
    
    
    
    

JinzhongDeyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (JinzhongDeyu)
The PRC
 April 22
 2004
1
492
622
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

JinzhongYongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (JinzhongYongcheng)
The PRC
 May 30
 2006
1
025
787
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

JinzhongYuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (JinzhongYuliang)
The PRC
 March 17
 2008
13
963
243
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Tianjin Guandu Food Co.
 Ltd. (Tianjin Guandu)
The PRC
 June 21
 2011
1
544
497
    
Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed
    packaged food products and staple food.

    
    
    
    
    

HebeiYugu Grain Co.
 Ltd. (HebeiYugu)
The PRC
 July 25
 2011
1
563
824
    
Wholesale distribution of grain products and operating or acting
    as an agent of import &amp; export business for grain products.

    
    
    
    
    

Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;) (1)
The PRC
 July 27
 2003
1
208
233
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Shanxi HuiChun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;) (1)
The PRC
 September 2
 2007
2
636
192
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
The PRC
 October 10
 2012
3
152
138
    
Procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.



of the Company on February 2
 2012 through a business acquisition. They have been within the scope of consolidation since February
2
 2012.


    
















     







PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


 Hong Wang
 certify that:


the year ended December 31
 2013 of Deyu Agriculture Corp.;


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on my most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.




    
April 4
 2014
    
/s/
    Hong Wang
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    









    














     







PURSUANT TO SECTION 302


 Amy He
 certify that:


the year ended December 31
 2013 of Deyu Agriculture Corp.;


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on my most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.





Date: April 4
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
Chief Financial Officer
 Principal Financial and 
    


    
    
    
    






    














     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 




&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013
&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
to his knowledge:


requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




    
April 4
 2014
    
/s/
    Hong Wang
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    




required by Section 906
 or other document authentications
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to the Company will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.




    















     







18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 




&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2013
&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
to her knowledge:


requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




Date: April 4
 2014
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
Chief Financial Officer
 Principal Financial and 
    


    
    
    
    




required by Section 906
 or other document authentications
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to the Company will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.




    















     





 Deyu Agriculture Corp;

 Legal Counsel
 K&amp;L Gates

 2014
 New York
 New York USA





and President of Deyu Agriculture Corp. respectively
 effective at 5:30pm on March 31st
 2014.


about certain financial
 legal
 strategic
 and operational issues have not been satisfactorily resolved. We have encountered serious
difficulties addressing these issues in the company despite our attempts to strengthen the company&rsquo;s internal controls and
business operations. Unfortunately
 the existence of these internal-control deficiencies
 the lack of proper corporate governance
and the recently deteriorated working conditions due to the company&rsquo;s ongoing refusal to adequately fund the US operations
have prevented us from carrying out our duties as the CEO and President of the company.


company and wish the very best for the company&rsquo;s future.






    
    

    
    




    














     





 Deyu Agriculture Corp;

 Legal Counsel
 K&amp;L Gates

 2014
 New York
 New York USA





 2014 letter
 I hereby
resign as a director of Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 effective immediately.









    












begin 644 image_001.jpg

MVP!#`0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P``1`)V`D\#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#W\=**!THI
M+8`HHHI@%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!12'H:RO$.OV?AK



=4C\;7N@0Q6H2&S^U)+*2`

FRW<<
M5J8X8I)'8YR2O0H/!OB'6?$FE:?JL]M;):W2DNJ$[D/.*`.QHKD]:\536_B
M:S\-Z7DVH3H99'?[D

E@D#R33KD%2HST]Z`-^BN#L?

<:)XZU/6KC4HC]A




M8HH[44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`

LIB+X9''9ATKI*
3:QX/U'Q%X[UZFM9[:QN]/^SK.K<JXYS_2M+3+3Q`GP\OM`O]+Q


F.]4]7\$:A8^%O^B6-N
)=3MX;(W6D7_P]CGW#


MG..:K_#'1-2T'3]5@U&T:)Y+MIHR2/F4DXKT'`]*

MP])
&Y(=/\^*UN5EN<,H'?KUK



MW]GQ6AA:3/5B*]#Q28'I2T`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`#I10.E%);`%%%%


MYXV'_%.'N/M

^'C[W
'_HU:`(I/$EK#)/#.DW)MS

MUJM)X:\FT:W95DGDD`AGB7YD(.5+?K0!TXN[4L%%Q$23M`WC.3T_E4&IZG;:




M6\T74EN;2
70@B$0D93Y;X((+$=




M8)XYZT?I].*0GV-&?K0`O8#L*0\9Y/3CGM1GZT9]0:`.3U?4=1N8M0_LN=TD

=GIUK.
M/@_0S8OLKA#D';(PR/0\^U`G6#J,5Q96K/!<Q0EQ(<88C@BKVC7W]IZ1:W
MI!!FC!(88.:K1^'K6V\QK$R0S2*RL[.6X;KU/L*T+*UBL+*&T@4B*)=JB@Q
W2LCPER=9_[,O]*U@<G'\ZR?7WM9'_41D_I0
M!TE%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%``.E%`Z44EL`4444PBBB@`HHHH`****`









8&:`.DHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`!THH'2BD
MM@BBBF`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444


;



K_A%&DO[



M]S;WD+S1R1S[2%EG7(^8$X(-`';WM_;:?:FYNY1%`7(XYZ55O3I
]T!=I'
M)/&@(#*20K'`_6J=E9++X?ETZ]=%#AT`\T
5!Z8-4&TZ_7PXL#W4
FH&:/=(
@#OFFC6=8&85@2JGJ0.M9?A$\ZS_`-A&7^E8UG:W:/I$



M^$+T+.XV0)Z_?/\`C1_PAFA?\^7_`(^W^-=!10!@?\(9H7_/D/\`OMJ/^$
T

(7H7_/D/\`OMJ/^$+T+_GR'_?;5T%(?2@#C+C0-$B\

MG)Z#%=OF@#GCX0\/AMOV1=V
[?

M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444``Z44#I126P!1113`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K*U_5&T?29;M(?-=6153.`2S!?ZUJ
MUSOC7_D7'_Z^(/\`T8M`$/\`:?BC_H%6G_?^C^TO%/\`TK3_O\`UMT=\=Z`
M,3^T_%/_`$K3_O_`%6?Q#KR:A'8/I]DEW*NY$
_)'K71]N*YS7](N]0U%;J




IN8$Q!+'(`T9(P=V3AA6+/X?UM[_SW
Y0$[_+

M;-.DI

M^M#P]JTVK6UPUS`L
]O.T#JK9!([U;K(\(]=9_[,O\`2@#I****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****``=**!THI+8`HHHI@%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5SOC7_D7'_Z^(/\`T8M=%7.^-?\`D7'_
M`.OB#_T8M`&K6=K][-INA7EY;A&E@C
BJ_W3]:T:JZC80ZI82V5R7$
PPP5L

^QJ2'Q59RP(ZQ739`WA$R(21GYL




MT+E$

URLJW=KXSNKZXMI9[=;0


M*_M]0MQ/;ONC+%02


XS7&!



(/[
M269OMOV<S,`#G.Q$^4D?[34W3QK9GM[6X^UQ0O;B1I%0DAV)+#ZC@4`=U+*D
M49=VPHZFG*VX`@Y!&17$/_:::=J4<C7#2W+*T$IYPW7([8R?RKL;*(V]I#;
MLQ9HHU5F/?`ZT`6****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`'2B@=**2V`****8!11


MR_NTC=%CC+!R68$Y`]

-HB(P03MQQU%7O[!\69&=

MNUR__/^*P,#7K8#T\@_XT?\(_XL_P@];?]^#_C0!U%9'A'KK/_`&$9?Z5G


M`4H]*LHI/

R!RH+

3

-O7'^-<MK^M:GI=QK
EF3






M-C&[&SMZ?6E^U'=M

M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!6=K.JQ:+ILE[+'+*B

9Q_X]



QY!]/O5AWDFL7%MLDMK^6U?#Q@IAE(

M7C)[2/S+G0]1A4?Q.8P/_0JQWG\13HPBAO48R0@L5QZA\5KW$$][X.D6YMWE






M


*F



63QSQ9=8YR/
0'

M^E3_P#+Z:9?
V/N


M7=G:=N6_$5JS:FEI)%:2&2:X




M%``.E%`Z44EL`4444PBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`*YWQK_R+C_]?$'_`*
6NBKG?&O_`+C_P#7Q!_Z,6@

QQ'&I8FLEO$#G5H[%84
I1'96;#%6[J.^

M5`!^AS_2LR[T6;4[BQNF5(9(C+*I(D08^8#V-`%C2/$5MJ=E)*[I')&SJZ!
MLX`8J/S`JR^NZ8C1JU[ID4

MNO!WVB?S4:WRML(`@C.%8
&.

M%93\ARW3_OH4`;S:_8FU%U%*LLNJR.AX7=THEU1VU1[UB\Z:&/S)6X7/0
M?B*Q(_T]II%QIZ


MD+C;].M;%L+Y;@K


C1_PKBQ_ZNK?


M;_P*-'_N+'_`*NK?\`@4:`.RW#^\/SHW#U'YUQG_N;'_H*ZM_X%-6?#X0
MMK?Q@FGMJ&IR6[61EPUTWWMX'K0!Z)N'J/SHW#U'YUS`\#Z=U^UZA_X%-_C2
M_P##Z;_`



M`#I10.E%);`%%%%
`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`N=\:_P#(N/\`]?$'_HQ:Z*L;Q-IUSJNB2VMIL$^^-U\P

9'&

+O^@?IG_?]_\`@#=Z?SK(\(]=9/?^T9?Z5#Y




@4`YH`6BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@!#TKG7_P2
MAQ?]@UO_`$

PR!N8+_6MNN=\:_P#(NM[7$'_HQ:`
O[+XU_Z#%M_X#K_C
M3'B\91C

G0BJ$L-X=:FUWM)#;W-[`N
MUHB?D7(8D=A[T`6D7QA)]S7+-B!DA85)`_.G-#XRC7+ZW9J/4P+C^=9GAZVO




M$'_LU=+7-:7_`

M



@]\9JV^M:;&L;&[B`ER4QW`X-9!
M\'J]O);/?.8#/YT:^6



M.T94NNTTVZ\)`:?/&L[W#*)'BC8!?F92#S_*@#936]-



M@@UA:GX:.IFX








M8`HHHI@%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4A!I:3/-`!BC%+10`F*



L=]


M_PN$'_LU=+7-:7_`,CUK?\`UP@_]FKI:`BBB@`'2B@=**2V`****8!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%8WB?4
M;C2]#EN;54
X=$3S!D99P/ZULUSOC7_D7'_Z^(/_`$8M`%3'C
#'VO23_P!L



MOV5E9J^GS-(IE!:8;B5QP5]`?2NJTW7K?49HH1&\4DL'GQAQP1GM6C//Y
BJ
M$+%@V
#`SB@#D+C4==-[;2PI


4`=$*6D%+0`4444`%%%%`'-:7_R/

M_P`BX_\`U\0?^C%KHJYWQK_R+C_]?$'_`*


N?

`NQ&(\K*
MTT22LY+


/4M+L+:V2$7@CH[%\%O7\N*;J%G?/KUCJ-O`DBP0O&ZM)C

^
MQYKH]&M[FTTVWM;F-%


4`=$*6D%+0`4444`%%%%

M444PBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH

M^$:U?_H9[O\`[]1_X5T]%`'
?\(UJ_\`T
@R.E5=1_Y+AH__`&Y?_0J]`'?ZT`<I;^%-1MX(X(?

MMI8FNI;F2:5I9))``2Q^@K7HH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
*_P#GRT[_`+_-_A71



'_H5`%


XX]*L?VS\1_
M^A8TW_P

M3?\`P
KOOQI*`._MGXC_P#0L:;_`.!E']L_$?\`Z%C3?_`RN^HH`X'^V?B/
M_P!QIO_`(&4?VS\1_\`H6--_P#`RN^HH`X'^V?B/_T+&F_^!E']L_$?_H6-
NP/0U@^
?^19N/]Y/_`$

++3
$`C

MQ?\`\^6F?]_F_P`*Z6B@#FOM/B__`)\M
_[_`#?X4?:?%_\`SY:9_P!_F_PK
MI:*`.:^T^+_^?+3/^_S?X5:\/:K=:I!=B]@6&XMKEK=PAR#@`Y'YUM5S?A7_




/

M+BX\P8\D_
.EV+(-;(WE`!

4.?7Y1G\:
M`/2


4`5[_4[V*/4!

.#$A$ARW
M'4TAL[8H$
$94=!MH`XNUU+6K2(W=_-F.6



M`=9Y\?\`ST3_`+ZH\^/_`)Z)_P!]5Q5MI7AFYA64HTLJL/-NIY&0.M32:'


370


HRRI.20/I
='_P`]$_[ZH\^/_GHG_?5<HWAW







M5=1L?NG
M1AI
N?-2

M\.$(00/

#FHH]-MM+\:Z6MD)(X[B*0NIE+`X'
MH:`.V;H?I6#XQ_Y%BX_WH_\`T


M



VVSS\G'EELY^N:Z?
M_A$=&_YX2?\`?UO\:3_A#M#WA_LS[P-N[S&SCZYH`Z83Q$9$B?\`?5'G1_\`

M3ZY3PE;)9ZIKUK$6\F*Y0(K

M:TO_`)'K6_\`KA!_[-72T`%%%%`')Z!SK6O_`/7RO_H-:6IVL][ITMMR!IO
ME9F/`4\''O6;H'_(:U__`*^1_P@UO8Z9YQTI+8#CY?!DSW2217$/E++$ZJR




MOB&UD=`(9BDIPDAX#$YX'KR*`



\NXA1[QV55EMDR=RD89L_3FK4OANZ%[;

MO_81@_\`0JZ


MDS]9HL*R_P`.WGC-`%;P5(9@4GA


M6564G
*?^15U7_KUD_P#036?-ITFIZ3ID&]%A
M18Y9`<Y.!QC\:T/%/_(J:K_UZR?^@FG:?_R[


M6VR*O!X+

)K*T=@RRLJ;P&4=T.&Q38/$<#W<D)WK(P3R[?'S

M*O((!]N*O+XBMY62




,
M$XW9RH`);]:;-K^DP)*\M_$B1KN<D_=`[FL)_EZ]Q=W:7$2S7?F2-N0@8`
M<'_@.:K:IX,O-2L)[9KV'$D;1(2-H.




MH`/D6FS)G

MP#JH29OO%\+]P*1DG\Q^=`&\:.:PY/$L#PWQ2.6)[
9D+IG:





?_HI:Z:N9\-?\A_Q'_U\





MC4;18(]/22&W6Q

MC

]

\#?\BK;_P#7

'_H5`'1]Z#1W
MH-`'-:]_R

3



\5RLL4R+-$(OEV9

<0L$P54Q?+^IJR=1U^&.2*.*X9U7*DIGCR@?SW4`;<
M?A72HH_+$4AC63S0AF;Y?IZ57DT+P]$\JR2+'YD?E/&;@@






A]P9=TS#)`VYQGDX-1IX5T=XVV1
M



$GU.*T




MT@Q2)#+



*0


SA=P1
M2.









4+;PACY)*;3S



-$_ZXR_RH`ZH]#]#6%XQ_P18N/]Z/\`]#%;









M.^M5N(3^[?G!.2#Z'Z51TW2[G2;4VT-R'MD):*
K\PR


CUK?\`UP@_]FKI
M:`BBB@#D]`_Y#6O_P#7R/\`T&M^N1M-8M=&U_6H[[S8S+,KH1&6##&.U:/_
M``E^C_\`/6;_`+\M_A26P&[0.3SQCO6%_P`)AH__`#UF_P_+?X4?\)AHX)/
MFS=O^6+?X4P

M!_E@4R'!;\



MJ*

MW^%`&[7/:_\`\A[P[_U]M_Z`U2?\)AH__/6;_ORW^%9M[JUMK'B'0DL1+)Y5



M%]41%+


M9YD@MIW
K
WRE=GW?KFM\\2Z%?6S02R3;&(.1V01R



MJ6S$KQP12!W

M'_Z&*`-J#_CWB_W!_*LGQ?\`\BCJO_7LW\JUH/\`CWB_W!_*LGQ=D^$M4`&3




MUK#\7SUN=%NG5S%#=EG*J3@;&IO_7Z/U\V;!Y_U+?X4`;U!S[5A?\`8:/
M_P`]9O\`ORW^%'_8:/_`
]9O^_+?X4`;I`I
L/_A,-'P?WLW_?EO\`F'Q
MGH@G\GSY3)MW;?);./7I0!O]#GBE]?4UA?\`7Z/S^]F_P_+?X4?\)?H_\`
MSUF_[\M_A0!NT5A?\)AH_P#SUF_[\M_A1_PE^CY'[V;_`+\M_A0!)X:_Y#_B



?\`SS3\A1Y
?_/-/R%/HH`9Y
?_`#S3
M\A1Y

?_`#S3\A3Z*`(_)C_YYI^0IX`'`&!V

?_/-/R%'DQ_\\T_(4^B@!GDQ_P#/-/R%'DQ_\\T_(4^B@!GDQ_\`
M/-/R%'DQ_P#/-/R%/HH`9Y
?_/-/R%'DQ_\`/-/R%/HH`9Y
?_/-/R%((E5@
M511[@5)10`=****`$(R#R#VIGDQ_P#/-/R%244`,\F/_GFGYCR8_\`GFGY



7_`(0OP[_T;;_`+X%'_%^'?^@3;?]\M
MZB@#!_X0OP[_`-`FV_[X%'_%^'?^@3;?]\MZB@#!_X0OP[_P!`FV_[X%'_
M``A?AW_H$VW_`'P*WJ*`,'_A_#O_0)MO^^!1_PA?AW_`*!-M_WP*WJ*`
NQ



_


4`:O]J6'_/[;_P#?P4O]IV'_`#^V


!L].M%C'X9OK=9O[)LXH
MF1GWR1H`

MP`.

=O]+E_^*H`Z

51_P`(;HW_`#QN/_`N7_XJ

M_P#Q5

T48(

?:Y?_BJ7_A#=&_YXW'_`(%R_P#Q5`'4^;'_`
]%_.CS8_\`GHOYURW_



GVJTW



M


J
M0Q7.4@6=SY6=H;.
_E4T/B.SEM1-&)98D4;Y`O`8]`:`.5O=-NK34#:R6X9+

5HZGXJ6SE@E@C
D0

WA^_TJQFGF56*-.Q
4

8\SA1OZGTH75


M3K$K.UF_RWHLB/
&
@'4D9JM;:W]N\V

C!QFK?\`:E@)40W4



]Z8N@:9;A58




M0!@Z5X6MQ;O'+










MRL/Q;_R`&_Z^(?\`T-:`.H7[H^E+2+]T?2EH`****`BBB@`I#2TAH`Y1D,G
MC;5$!DV
\TE8;EXA)-M95?;O'IF@.?P<\USYB:@J+YIEVF#D$XX&#[4L



M


\90
?-




HR%/V!U9BI8&11@%=

PW%C96;/$(X!B7]S@2G;C

]^


L.%/=CBM#..






@








@





M_7M/_)*ZB@`HHHH`****``=**!THI+8`HHHI@%%%%`!7
:__`
C7X?\`]Z7_

:
M6C`AEM8P01C'RBM6@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*P/&O
M_(I7W^Z/YBM^N?\`&QQX1OSQP@)SZ9%`%VT_X\X?^N:_R%35CVOB#1OLD/\`
MQ
[88C48

KRS7MD[O'


MH`*KWUY%I]E+=S$^7$

M(&67+@N
E-%=S7<LF^26-%

M

M3[D2!%^@&*`):***`


P#--(5OO*#]1111S
!/+C_

:_E111S,!PP!@#`%+FBBCF8!FC-%%',P#-&:**.9@&:,T44<S`,T9HH
MHYF`9HS111S,`S1FBBCF8!FC-%%',P#-1RQ1SQ-%+&LD;##*PR/I111S
#/


P#_A'=%_Z
M!5G_`-^5_P`*/^$=T7_H%6?_`'Y7_BBCF8!_P`([HO_`$K/_ORO^%+'H&C
MQ26/2[17!R(5R#^5%%'
P-+-+FBBCF8!FC-%%'


4__`'Z6BBCF8!_PCVL_]#%/
M_P!^EI#X=UD@_P#%1SC_`+9+111S


M`P`1!`4A


PA#-&)RDM(U%A?_V@`


MBF0'9'1TLM]:@$A`VWC;H``8P`(7')B!J&$O


00'LUJVP.B)O


(E.:Y



M:QN5-JU1

M3PG$^EL-$SD)0+CJJ]3RTM@.'%IFUI.U+@SG)2+5`QY(R#MTY8&
8'CIZF




M#5(Z:0U$H\0UDV_-E
V![7KU(*O+GE$U1IT-@P:F8G8VUX]_
RLBRCH9DS6D


YB+)-T6R@K/4TCAPY0&










MH^(``'UZY
VQ25U1?D&2IJ=$OCC%F69IF


M:2@)GJP4DF4N0


M6.J3NW[.Q9-O
);JVF0WJ2%)



MAVO:C!NW3;IM(.$CF!022+0B9C(-R&.!2\*B(UUR


%.XX04*%0'V:CJ2Z[C



M-B
5%

M
45T)F`C'PF3



M6+B9=I4D




M.(IYAH.JP!/$Y18*1DJIRYB3HA#G*44[ZKW6*RQ#



GJJB!+MM.]+55;G4

%*5X








LU=-FS6




M




\!\(J].AQ^O2E1U-DF8AB+/GR


TL_0Q

MS+B!CQ

MQJ`ZY0N:RVY.I
TZLCV\8E4N+6/

M(TF

^!`^$0UT1JEW04?Y:5


M)S!0.'+0O

45R[.!NM0%9%)_&'


M'$C.:LHJ!





6VWBBWWAEO62=N8XS0`B]0
FNBS1-RB'$!U1]JV=
M-7U


M`)1=!Y9PFB)0@)4Y!UKMS;J'^AZ*=DGV/IIRPRF##%A136EO\`TY^
36^9
M.S]+YBW782V;V5-BNVA@A5I-BP=&.W6NNZI#TB+21;I&$IW3%NMS$`0$0-[-
M4KH]15-CM;US5-#+P4H'#(??CX0_K772K2#(0UGL*VOVCM&VR8MPS:C)-'\I

R3ZUGXO

AA;



R*2;HD,Z<6


M@CK5.@#3;D^XX!
-8&6









MU;UI&:FV+1]5I\W&8(F0`.



9X



X#P.!JB;F^[R40^NFJ;7E.HTRL1\X?@$8\)0LG\T5:1Y'9[BF






XV?T?=OEQ]2?J'WS


OKG*?WQ

\)P-WJHY8)A'8-N6O$

M8--N!4L
(:UL[;8W21Z=V#&9`0F=T&Z&$NF7;%('J'L.QE2.G:PID'Q%$$`
M0`3/``URA?]R6^MZCUE]0PW-NA%
!IP`3/$CMYQ::
J#25R\VK#N[(=AMB-

MC$^E2N.`
#`ZTETE@.GAGJ+;.`)

M(;%*)H

?Q@=&Z7IR[*^HADL+]RIEBY9Z8@X



M-WU8K*MI#=3PT3R[X?





0HSC:^/

MJJU/IHZ9!6

^U5-K<0M`PD?



X-C!73;DLB
M#R-GX1^19R+:K%^W63.N8!6




M%\J.L\(E3L`V-[=]D%B739NW656F([;D/*RK]W()RKD7R21(MO'3.K1)(A


8T+RGTIO%5&
MIE0(IX(B/AFH-!XZQJU[GV4]?K@]6:2T\M1'J].7`1*(IRA0G`)C;`*=?E(
M$RG1P.802)SF!-O4QQJ8Q#'
X#F\

T]T

KKL2.7!BO/6J\@X]RL8Q$

M[IFKQ4M`YP][WO934^+C3
-^\CS+E.7XQ[VPG$1*VSMA
9%VCB1&Y(9K*WA9


A;
MWEYQNH1'\Q(0YB


M?/H1UJ6W!Y7NV_7=Y


M7(&)X7I0`U/;IE3UB4-CCQ@?A$-


M#I%]8S;'8KJRK)!D0_BJC

M;I)






X[1/[
-S]S8]04C+S&R[]


1+-5\9('LB


(U!(M2&*:G=-01#

_O/P:CD?W3WG*!.<



SG]A!CZ







M7EE\O]_]_2P\?&/#
QCC_'(=_P-YWD?%%[O_F_N?ATL[GQS$!PB^7\M7XG


`
end

















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 formerly known as Eco Building International
 Inc.
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 23
 2008. We completed the acquisition of City Zone Holdings Limited (&amp;#8220;City Zone&amp;#8221;)
 an agricultural products distributor in the Shanxi Province of the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (the &amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;) engaged in procuring
 processing
 marketing
 and distributing various grain and corn products
 by means of a share exchange effective April 27
 2010. As a result of the share exchange
 City Zone became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We currently conduct our business primarily through operating PRC subsidiaries
 including JinzhongDeyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;JinzhongDeyu&amp;#8221;)
 JinzhongYuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;JinzhongYuliang&amp;#8221;)
 JinzhongYongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;JinzhongYongcheng&amp;#8221;)
 Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Taizihu&amp;#8221;)
 Shanxi Huichun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Huichun&amp;#8221; and together with Taizihu
 the &amp;#8220;Taizihu Group&amp;#8221;) and Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.

 2010
 our Board of Directors adopted a resolution to change our name to Deyu Agriculture Corp. and FINRA declared the name change effective on June 2

 2010
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (&amp;#8220;Share Exchange&amp;#8221;) pursuant to which we issued &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 8
736
932&lt;/font&gt; shares of our common stock
 par value $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 0.001&lt;/font&gt; per share
 to Expert Venture Limited (&amp;#8220;Expert Venture&amp;#8221;)
 a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
 and the other shareholders of City Zone (the &amp;#8220;City Zone Shareholders&amp;#8221;). As a result of the Share Exchange

 the Share Exchange has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition using the purchase method of accounting

 2009 under the BVI Business Companies Act of 2004. In November 2009
 pursuant to the restructuring plan set out below
 City Zone became the holding company of a group of companies comprising Most Smart International Limited (Most Smart)
 Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co. Limited (&amp;#8220;Shenzhen Redsun&amp;#8221;)
 Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd. (Shenzhen JiRuHai)
 Detian Yu
 JinzhongDeyu

 pursuant to a restructuring plan intended to ensure compliance with PRC rules and regulations
 City Zone
 through a series of acquisitions and wholly-owned subsidiaries
 acquired &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100&lt;/font&gt; % of the equity interests in JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYuliang
 and JinzhongYongcheng. The former shareholders and key management of JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng
 and JinzhongYuliang became the ultimate controlling parties and key management of City Zone. This restructuring has been accounted for as a recapitalization of JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng and JinzhongYuliang with no adjustment to the historical basis of the assets and liabilities of these companies
 while the historical financial positions and results of operations are consolidated as if the restructuring occurred as of the beginning of the earliest period presented in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. For the purpose of a consistent and comparable presentation

 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a company organized under the laws of PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 entered into a Stock Equity Transfer Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) whereby Shenzhen Redsun acquired &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100&lt;/font&gt; % of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of the Taizihu Group. In consideration for the acquisition of Taizihu Group
 Shenzhen Redsun paid $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
342
168&lt;/font&gt; (RMB &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 14
773
222&lt;/font&gt; ) in cash to Mr. Hao He
 an individual
 for 50 % of Taizihu
 $ 1
522
409 (RMB 9
602
594 ) in cash to Mr. QingheXu
 an individual
 for 32.5 % of Taizihu and $ 819
759 (RMB 5
170
628 ) in cash to Mr. JinqingXie
 an individual
 for the remaining 17.5 % of Taizihu. Immediately prior to the execution of the Agreement
 Taizihu owned 85 % of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of Huichun
 and pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 Shenzhen Redsun acquired the remaining 15 % of the share capital of Huichun from Beijing Kanggang Food Development Co.
 Ltd. for $ 817
845 (RMB 5
158
556). The total amount of the consideration paid for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group was $ 5
502
181 (RMB &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 34
705
000&lt;/font&gt;)
 and such consideration was determined pursuant to arm&amp;#8217;s length negotiations between the parties. As a result of the acquisition

 July 27

283

 March 11


 August 20




 August 20



 November 30

637


 April 22

492


 May 30

025


 March 17

963


 June 21

544


 July 25

563


 July 27

208


 September 2

636

 October 10

152


 2012 through a business acquisition. They have been within the scope of consolidation since February 2


 or Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;); however

 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange



 2013
 the balance of restricted cash of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;16
519&lt;/font&gt; represents a pledge for a bank loan of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;14
867&lt;/font&gt; (RMB&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;90
000&lt;/font&gt;) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Sub-branch obtained on December 15

 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. While management uses the best information available upon which to base estimates
 future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used for the purposes of analysis.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2013
 the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;984
717&lt;/font&gt;.&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2012

 2013
 the balance of reserve for inventory valuation was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
603
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;.&lt;/font&gt; As of December 31
 2012

 plant

 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; in addition
 renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts

 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress will be transferred to property
 plant

 Property, Plant, and Equipment which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded $773
874 of impairment loss of construction-in-progress. As of December 31
 2012

 an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded $5
832
800 of impairment loss of the land use rights of the farmlands and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;740
102&lt;/font&gt; of impairment loss of the ERP system for retail sales in the Grain Division. As of December 31
 2012

 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements&amp;#8221; (formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price


 discounted cash flow methodologies

 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 except for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations for the year ended December 31

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&amp;#8221;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&amp;#8217;s Own Stock&amp;#8221;). We have determined ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) had no material effect on our financial position or results of operations for the year ended December 31

 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable

 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data and other factors known at the time. The sales discounts were not material for the year ended December 31
 2013 and $819
544 for the year ended December 31

 these are not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. The returns of our products for the year ended December 31

 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012 were $246
128 and $1
813


 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &amp;#8220;Share-Based Payment&amp;#8221;
 which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&amp;#8217;s ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation.&amp;#8221; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&amp;#8217;s views regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively

 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any

 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of

 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; test
 no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31

 expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income

 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows
&amp;#8221; cash flows from the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result

 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&amp;#150;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this update
 an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance had no material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations for the year ended December 31

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#8221; This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&amp;#8221; An unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset. To the extent a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred tax asset for such purpose
 the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. The assessment of whether a deferred tax asset is available is based on the unrecognized tax benefit and deferred tax asset that exist at the reporting date and should be made presuming disallowance of the tax position at the reporting date. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-12
 &amp;#8220;Definition of a Public Business Entity&amp;#8221;. The Board has decided that it should proactively determine which entities would be within the scope of the Private Company Decision-Making Framework: A Guide for Evaluating Financial Accounting and Reporting for Private Companies (Guide). This will aim to minimize the inconsistency and complexity of having multiple definitions of
 or a diversity in practice as to what constitutes
 a nonpublic entity and public entity within U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) on a going-forward basis. This Update addresses those issues by defining public business entity. The Accounting Standards Codification includes multiple definitions of the terms nonpublic entity and public entity. The amendment in this Update improves U.S. GAAP by providing a single definition of public business entity for use in future financial accounting and reporting guidance. The amendment does not affect existing requirements. There is no actual effective date for the amendment in this Update. However


 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

502
181&lt;/font&gt; (RMB &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 34
705
000&lt;/font&gt;).&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the purchase method of accounting.&amp;#160;The&amp;#160;Taizihu Group&amp;#8217;s results of operations were included in Deyu&amp;#8217;s results beginning February 2

502





373




 plant
 and equipment

891

673




823

499







001





311

996




326

991




020

730



752

761

099


603

318

322

603
929&lt;/font&gt; of reserve for inventory valuation as of December 31
 2013
 among which $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
517
335&lt;/font&gt; was for the quality deterioration of some of the corn inventories&amp;#160;caused by extreme weather condition and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;86
594&lt;/font&gt; was for obsolete grain products. The reserve for inventory valuation was not material as of December 31





003






161

453


 PLANT

 plant



046

010

480

534

012


386

435



039

060

788

617

 plant
 and equipment

251

442

 China are used for production

 2013


 2013 and 2012 were $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
983
394&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
890
960&lt;/font&gt;


 2013
 the Company determined to terminate the construction of the factory facility Huichun due to the technical innovation and assessed the fair value of the uncompleted building is zero. The Company recorded an impairment loss of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;697
360&lt;/font&gt;. The carrying amount of the construction of the building was $697

045

324&lt;/font&gt; as of December 31




698

158

081

059

277


675

827

389


 one of the Company owned&amp;#160; land use rights of the &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 17
000&lt;/font&gt; acres of farmlands&amp;#160; in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province. There is no active market for trading of land use rights of those farmlands and the Company couldn&amp;#8217;t assess the fair value of the land use rights based on quoted prices in active markets. The Company assessed the fair value of the land use rights based on discounted cash flow and determined that it was less than the carrying value. An impairment loss in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
832
800&lt;/font&gt; was recorded for the year ended December 31
 2013. The carrying value of the land use rights of the farmlands was&amp;#160; $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;7
893
006&lt;/font&gt; and was written down to $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
969
540&lt;/font&gt;.&amp;#160; The Company used unobservable inputs based on its experience and knowledge of the market
 as such

 and determined to write down its carrying value of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;740
102&lt;/font&gt; to zero. An impairment loss in the amount of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;740
102&lt;/font&gt; was recorded for the ERP system and B2C platform for the year ended December 31

667&lt;/font&gt; square meters with the PRC Government in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province where JinzhongDeyu's buildings and production facility are located. The term of the right is four to five years and is automatically renewed upon expiration. The right was fully amortized as of December 31
 2010 using the straight-line method. On June 18
 2012
 the Company received the extended land use right certificate and the term of the right has been extended to March 14

000&lt;/font&gt; square meters of industrial land with the PRC Government in Quwo County
 Shanxi Province where Taizihu Group&amp;#8217;s buildings and production facility are located. &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;The term of the right is 50 years from October 28
 2008 to October 27

 2013
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;3
989

 2013 and 2012 were $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;382
826&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;406
122&lt;/font&gt;





 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on August 13

 2013 the loan was repaid for $66
075 (or RMB400

 2013
 the loan balance was $2
411
748 (or RMB14
600


411

407

 bearing interest at the prime rate

 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on September 17


486

444

 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2013 with maturity date on August 22
 2014. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23

404

 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2013 with maturity date on August 22
 2014. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23

404

 bearing interest at the prime rate


 2013 with maturity date on January 3



 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31

 2013 with maturity date on December 16


 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on December 12
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and was paid off on December 12


 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30


364

 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30


364

 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on July 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by MrTianWenjun for a period of one year starting from July 18


284

511 (or RMB1
000
000) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on September 27



 Ltd.
 an unrelated party. The loan was unsecured

 2013


 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on January 10




464

323










002

506



 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated in the BVI and
 under the current laws of the BVI

 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

 the standard EIT rate is &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt; %. The PRC subsidiaries of the Company are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate. According to the Tax Pronouncement [2008] No. 149 issued by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
 the preliminary processing industry of agricultural products is entitled to EIT exemption starting January 1
 2008. Three of the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiaries located in the Shanxi Province
 China
 including JinzhongDeyu
 JinzhongYongcheng and JinzhongYuliang









765



 2013 and December 31



090

430





966

909

966

909


 2013



818

625

818

625


008

598


015

455

614


 2010
 we completed the acquisition of City Zone by means of a Share Exchange with (i) City Zone
 (ii) the City Zone Shareholders and (iii) our principal shareholders (see NOTE 1). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange
 Expert Venture and the other City Zone Shareholders transferred to us all of the shares of City Zone in exchange for the issuance of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 8
736

 we acquired &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 100&lt;/font&gt; % of the equity interests of City Zone
 the business and operations of which now constitute our primary business and operations through its wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries. Specifically

736

 we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with certain accredited investors (the &amp;#8220;Investors&amp;#8221;) for the issuance and sale in a private placement of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
866
174&lt;/font&gt; Units at $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4.40&lt;/font&gt; per Unit
 with each Unit consisting of one share of Series A convertible preferred stock

866
174&lt;/font&gt; Investor Shares and Warrants to purchase up to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 746
479&lt;/font&gt; shares of our common stock of $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 8
211

 we also entered into a registration rights agreement (the &amp;#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the Investors
 in which we agreed to file a registration statement (the &amp;#8220;Registration Statement&amp;#8221;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) to register for resale the Investor Shares
 within 60 calendar days of April 27
 2010
 and use our best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective within 180 calendar days of April 27
 2010. We agreed to pay monthly liquidated damages in cash to each Investor equal to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 0.5&lt;/font&gt; % of the dollar amount of the purchase price of the Investor Shares
 on a pro rata basis
 for each 30 day period the Registration Statement is not declared effective
 up to a maximum of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;8&lt;/font&gt; % of the purchase price
 however on October 21
 2010

 Maxim Group

911&lt;/font&gt; shares of our common stock at a price per share of $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4.84&lt;/font&gt; (the &amp;#8220;Placement Agent Warrants&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the original placement agreement entered into by and between Detian Yu and the Placement Agent on January 27
 2010 (the &amp;#8220;Original Placement Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 we engaged the Placement Agent to act as the exclusive agent to sell the Units in this offering on a &amp;#8220;commercially reasonable efforts basis.&amp;#8221; The Placement Agent also received a cash corporate finance fee equally to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1&lt;/font&gt; % of our gross proceeds raised in the offering


 2010
 we closed on the second and final round of the private placement offering for the issuance and sale of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 589
689&lt;/font&gt; Units
 consisting of 589
689 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 235
883&lt;/font&gt; five-year Series A Warrants with an exercise price of $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 5.06&lt;/font&gt; per share
 to certain Investors for total gross proceeds of $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
594

805
750&lt;/font&gt; in the offering in two closing events. As of the final closing
 we had &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
999
999&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock issued and outstanding. In connection with the offering
 we issued a total of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 2
455
863&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 982
362&lt;/font&gt; Series A Warrants to the investors. Additionally
 the Placement Agent received &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 171

 we had &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 9
999
999&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Between the final closing of the Private Placement and December 31
 2013
 an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 538
267&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A convertible preferred stock were converted into &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 538
267&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock and an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 80
000&lt;/font&gt; shares of common stock were issued. As of December 31
 2013

618

 after the Dividend Preference has been fully paid or declared and set apart
 the Company shall make any additional distributions
 then the holders of Series A Preferred shall participate with the holders of common stock on an as-converted basis with respect to such distributions. Dividends are payable in cash or shares of Series A Preferred

 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 the holders of Series A Preferred will be entitled to receive
 out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its shareholders
 an amount equal to $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4.40&lt;/font&gt; per share (the &amp;#8220;Liquidation Preference Amount&amp;#8221;)

 at the option of the holder at any time on or after the issuance of the Series A Preferred
 without the payment of additional consideration


 based upon its economic risks
 is more akin to an equity contract or a debt contract for purposes of establishing classification of the embedded conversion feature and (ii) the classification of the host or hybrid financial instrument. Based upon a review of the terms and conditions of the Series A Preferred
 the Company has concluded that the financial instrument is more akin to an equity financial instrument. The major consideration underlying this conclusion is that the Series A Preferred is a perpetual financial instrument with no stated maturity or redemption date
 or other redemption that is not within the Company&amp;#8217;s control. Other considerations in support of the equity conclusion included the voting rights and conversion feature into common shares. While the cumulative dividend feature may
 in some instances
 be likened to a debt-type coupon
 the absence of a stated maturity date was determined to establish the cumulative dividend as a residual return
 which does not obviate the equity nature of the financial instrument. Further
 there are no cash redemption features that are not within the control of our management. As a result

 2013
 an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 538
267&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A Preferred were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock and an aggregate of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 265
032&lt;/font&gt; shares of Series A Preferred were issued as dividends to the shareholders of Series A Preferred. As of December 31
 2013

182

 2013 and 2012
 the Company recorded $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;478
769&lt;/font&gt; and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;446
748&lt;/font&gt; preferred dividend expenses

 respectively


362&lt;/font&gt; Series A Warrants sold together with the Series A Preferred to the Investors

 in whole or in part
 at an exercise price of $5.06 per share of common stock; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt; &lt;table style=clear:both;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 0.25in&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;are exercisable only for cash (except that there will be a cashless exercise option if
 after twelve months from the Issue Date
 (i) the Per Share Market Value of one share of common stock is greater than the Warrant Price (at the date of calculation) and (ii) a registration statement under the Securities Act providing for the resale of the common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrant Shares is not in effect

805
750. Direct financing costs totaled $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
742
993&lt;/font&gt;
 of which $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
555
627&lt;/font&gt; was paid in cash and the balance of $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 187
366&lt;/font&gt; represents the fair value of warrants linked to &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 171

248

039

288

810


805

581


742



228

021

250

 and the issuance of the Series A Warrants to Maxim required the estimation of fair values of the financial instruments on the financing inception date. The development of fair values of financial instruments requires the selection of appropriate methodologies and the estimation of often subjective assumptions. We selected the valuation techniques based upon consideration of the types of assumptions that market participants would likely consider in exchanging the financial instruments in market transactions. The Series A Preferred was valued based upon a common stock equivalent method
 enhanced by the cumulative dividend feature. The dividend feature was valued as the estimated cash flows of the dividends discounted to present value using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes-Merton Valuation Technique because it embodies all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility




866


631

083



291

292


 the common stock price value was derived implicitly from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&amp;#8217;s length transaction. The Private Placement was composed of shares of Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants which were both indexed to our common stock; accordingly

 as of April 27
 2010 and May 10
 2010







 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical trading volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were used as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model

 the stock price was determined implicitly from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&amp;#8217;s length transaction.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;Remaining term- We do not have a history to develop the expected term for our warrants. Accordingly




154


154


154


 2013
 the Company had one share-based compensation plan as described below. The compensation cost that had been charged against income for the plan was $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 44
504&lt;/font&gt; and $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 120
853&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The related income tax benefit recognized was $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 15
131&lt;/font&gt; and $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 40
136&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended December 31
 2013 and 2012


 2010
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors approved the Company&amp;#8217;s 2010 Share Incentive Plan.&amp;#160;On November 8
 2010
 a total of &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 931
000&lt;/font&gt; non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to executives
 key employees
 independent directors
 and consultants at an exercise price of $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4.40&lt;/font&gt; per share and on December 15
 2010
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 40
000&lt;/font&gt; non-qualified incentive stock shares were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant at an exercise price of $ &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 4.40&lt;/font&gt; per share

 2012
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors increased the number of shares allocated to and authorized for use under the Plan from &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 1
000
000&lt;/font&gt; shares to the maximum number of shares allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan and granted &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 420
000&lt;/font&gt; options under the Plan to independent directors
 officers and key employees of the Company

 2012
 our Board of Directors allocated to and authorized to re-grant &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt; 150

 resulting in no risk to the investor. This perfect hedge is riskless and
 therefore
 should yield the riskless rate of return. As the Black-Scholes option pricing model applies to stocks that do not pay dividends
 we made an adjustment developed by Robert Merton to approximate the option value of a dividend-paying stock. Under this adjustment method





 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical trading volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were used as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model


 2013
 and changes during the year ended December 31


124









 2013
 and changes during the year ended December 31















 the former Chief Operating Officer of the Company
 is the legal representative of Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.












 the former President and Director of the Company is the Executive Director of Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.





007

660


668

 the former President and Director of the Company
 is the President and Executive Director of Dongsheng International Investment Co.
 Ltd. Those loans as of December 31
 2012 are unsecured

 2013
 YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 of which the legal representative is JunlianZheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 the Vice President of the Company

 2012
 Mr. WenjunTian provided guarantees on short-term loans obtained by Detian Yu. YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 of which the legal representative is JunlianZheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Company


 including corn division
 grain division and bulk trading division



560

637

151

350

391


478
















718



366



316

614


349

343


047

811

187

046










477




439


691


297



149

611


378

408













 2013 and December 31
 2012
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s cash balances in banks were maintained within the PRC where no rule or regulation currently in place to provide obligatory insurance for bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However

 2013 and 2012
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales were generated in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and December 31

 2013 and 2012
 or consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
 2013 and December 31









345

413


 2014
 the date which the financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring recognition as of December 31
 2013 have been incorporated into the accompanying consolidated and combined financial statements
 and those requiring disclosure have been fully disclosed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855


 or Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;); however

 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange





 2013
 the balance of restricted cash of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;16
519&lt;/font&gt; represents a pledge for a bank loan of $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;14
867&lt;/font&gt; (RMB&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;90
000&lt;/font&gt;) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Sub-branch obtained on December 15


 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. While management uses the best information available upon which to base estimates
 future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used for the purposes of analysis.&amp;#160; As of December 31
 2013
 the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;984
717&lt;/font&gt;.&amp;#160;As of December 31
 2012


 2013
 the balance of reserve for inventory valuation was $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;4
603
929&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;.&lt;/font&gt; As of December 31
 2012


 plant

 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; in addition
 renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts


 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress will be transferred to property
 plant


 Property, Plant, and Equipment which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded $773
874 of impairment loss of construction-in-progress. As of December 31
 2012


 an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the assets. As of December 31
 2013
 the Company recorded $5
832
800 of impairment loss of the land use rights of the farmlands and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;740
102&lt;/font&gt; of impairment loss of the ERP system for retail sales in the Grain Division. As of December 31
 2012


 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements&amp;#8221; (formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price


 discounted cash flow methodologies

 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years

 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&amp;#8221;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in


 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable

 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data and other factors known at the time. The sales discounts were not material for the year ended December 31
 2013 and $819
544 for the year ended December 31

 these are not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. The returns of our products for the year ended December 31


 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs for the year ended December 31 2013 and 2012 were $246
128 and $1
813

  

 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &amp;#8220;Share-Based Payment&amp;#8221;
 which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&amp;#8217;s ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation.&amp;#8221; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&amp;#8217;s views regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively

 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of

 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; test


 expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income


 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows
&amp;#8221; cash flows from the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&amp;#150;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this update
 an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#8221; This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-11
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes (Topic 740): Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&amp;#8221; An unrecognized tax benefit
 or a portion of an unrecognized tax benefit
 should be presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset. To the extent a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward is not available at the reporting date under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction to settle any additional income taxes that would result from the disallowance of a tax position or the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction does not require the entity to use
 and the entity does not intend to use
 the deferred tax asset for such purpose
 the unrecognized tax benefit should be presented in the financial statements as a liability and should not be combined with deferred tax assets. The assessment of whether a deferred tax asset is available is based on the unrecognized tax benefit and deferred tax asset that exist at the reporting date and should be made presuming disallowance of the tax position at the reporting date. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2013-12
 &amp;#8220;Definition of a Public Business Entity&amp;#8221;. The Board has decided that it should proactively determine which entities would be within the scope of the Private Company Decision-Making Framework: A Guide for Evaluating Financial Accounting and Reporting for Private Companies (Guide). This will aim to minimize the inconsistency and complexity of having multiple definitions of
 or a diversity in practice as to what constitutes
 a nonpublic entity and public entity within U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) on a going-forward basis. This Update addresses those issues by defining public business entity. The Accounting Standards Codification includes multiple definitions of the terms nonpublic entity and public entity. The amendment in this Update improves U.S. GAAP by providing a single definition of public business entity for use in future financial accounting and reporting guidance. The amendment does not affect existing requirements. There is no actual effective date for the amendment in this Update. However


 July 27

283

 March 11


 August 20




 August 20



 November 30

637


 April 22

492


 May 30

025


 March 17

963


 June 21

544


 July 25

563


 July 27

208


 September 2

636

 October 10

152


 2012 through a business acquisition. They have been within the scope of consolidation since February 2

  



311

996




326

991




020

730



752

761

099


603

318

322





003






161

453


 plant



046

010

480

534

012


386

435



039

060

788

617

 plant
 and equipment

251

442




698

158

081

059

277


675

827

389





 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on August 13

 2013 the loan was repaid for $66
075 (or RMB400

 2013
 the loan balance was $2
411
748 (or RMB14
600


411

407

 bearing interest at the prime rate

 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on September 17


486

444

 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2013 with maturity date on August 22
 2014. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23

404

 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2013 with maturity date on August 22
 2014. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23

404

 bearing interest at the prime rate


 2013 with maturity date on January 3



 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31

 2013 with maturity date on December 16


 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on December 12
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and was paid off on December 12


 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30


364

 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30


364

 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on July 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by MrTianWenjun for a period of one year starting from July 18


284

511 (or RMB1
000
000) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on September 27



 Ltd.
 an unrelated party. The loan was unsecured

 2013


 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31

 2012 with maturity date on January 10




464

323










002

506










765





 2013 and December 31



090

430





966

909

966

909



248

039

288

810


805

581


742



228

021

250




866


631

083



291

292












154


154


154







 2013
 and changes during the year ended December 31


124










 2013
 and changes during the year ended December 31
































007

660


668



560

637

151

350

391


478
















718



366



316

614


349

343


047

811

187

046










477




439


691


297



149

611


378

408




















345

413

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

502





373




 plant
 and equipment

891

673




823

499







001


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


818

625

818

625


008

598


015

455

614

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2008 to October 27

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

346
776&lt;/font&gt; for the year ended December 31
 2013
 which represents $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;5
832
800&lt;/font&gt; impairment loss of the land use rights of farmland located in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province
 $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;773
874&lt;/font&gt; loss resulted from the termination of the construction of an uncompleted building in the subsidiary Huichun
 and $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;740


 2013
&amp;#160;an unexpected heavy snow storm collapsed the warehouses located in Taiyuan
 Shanxi Province which were leased by the Company&amp;#8217;s Grain Division and caused about $&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt&gt;1
212

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013 represents $4
391
580 of loss on inventory valuation reserve due to the quality deterioration of some of the corn inventories caused by extreme weather condition and $86

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




 2012 through a business acquisition. They have been within the scope of consolidation since February 2





















    


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    




    




    








    



 Net







    
    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    


    

 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment


 for rental to others
 or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures





    


    
    






    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    




    
    



 Current

    




    




    
    




    


    
    




    



 Value


 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
182
628 and 2
039
970 shares outstanding




 Value


 $.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 10
618
266 and 10
658
266 shares outstanding



    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    

































 Shares





    



 Goods

    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    




    



 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    
    




    



 Gain (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest

    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    
    
    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net Of Tax

    



 Net Of Tax

    



 Net Of Tax

    


    


    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    



 Value
 Conversion Of Convertible Securities

    



 Shares

    



 Value

    




    



 Share-Based Compensation

    



 Value

    



 Shares

    




    




    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    




    
    




    


    




    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    

 excessive quantities based on expected sales
 technological obsolescence



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Bargain Purchase
 Gain Recognized

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Continuing Operations

    




    


    
    




    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Continuing Operations

    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    

 plant





    
    
    












    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    



 Notes


 Notes



    


    
    



 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    
    


    


    


    
    

 physical assets excluding construction in progress that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures



    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    












    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    

































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    











 Finite-Lived


 Finite-Lived







































    
    






    








    
    




    
    

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property



    



 Notes


 Notes










 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Stock Options


 Stock Options









    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    






    






    



 Registered Capital



    








    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Noncash Financial Or Equity Instrument Consideration


 Noncash Financial or Equity Instrument Consideration



    
    

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed









    
    
    


    
    
    







 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    







 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    














    


    


    



 Including Discontinued Operations







    


    


    








    
    










    









 Notes




 Gross

    




    








    




    




    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    






    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    



 Plant and Equipment

    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    




    




    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    






































    


    


    


    



 Interest Rate


 Interest Rate















    
    


    


    
    




    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Continuing Operations

    




    




    




    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    


    
    
    




    




    








    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    




    
    




    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Owned

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    


    


    


    



 Measurements




 Inputs




 Inputs



    
    
    




    


    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    
    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    
    




    


    


    






    


    








    
    
    










    


    


    


    
    


    


    









 Shares


 Shares










 Shares






 Dividend Rate


 Dividend Rate





















    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    


    


















    







 2010 Through November




 2011 Through November




 2012 Through November




 2011 Through December




 2011 Through December




 2012 Through December




 2012 Through March



    



 2012 Through November




 2013 Through November




 2014 Through November




 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of January 1


 Outstanding as of December 31




 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options






 Options






 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected To Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of January 1


 Outstanding as of December 31




 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options
 Exercises In Period






 Options
 Forfeitures In Period






 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected To Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of December 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected To Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of December 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Nonvested


 Unvested as of January 1


 Unvested as of December 31




 Equity Instruments Other Than Options






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options





    

 Unvested as of January 1


 Unvested as of December 31

    


    


    


    



 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments



    


    


    


    


    


    


    










    


    
    














    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    






    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    










    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    



 Goods



    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    








    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    


    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    


    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    


    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


 plant
 and equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities

    


    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities

    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Assets

    



 Net Of Tax

    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    






    




    


    






    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    




    


    


    



 Notes



    


    


    


    


    







 Net



    

 Net





    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    



 Gain (Loss)
 Net of Tax



    


    


    




    


    
    






    
    


    




    




    





 Continuing Operations

    







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 PLANT

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 PLANT

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 PLANT

        
        
        



 PLANT

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        










































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
The actual interest rate during the contract period as of December 31
 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of December 31
The term of the loan started from August 14
 2012 with maturity date on August 13
On July 31
 2013 the loan was repaid for $66
075 (or RMB400
As of December 31
 2013
 the loan balance was $2
411
748 (or RMB14
600
As of the date of this filing
2
411
2
407
Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate
The actual interest rate during the contract period as of December 31
 2013 was 6.00% and the pass-due interest rate was 7.8%. The actual interest rate during contract period as of December 31
The term of the loan started from September 18
 2012 with maturity date on September 17
As of the date of this filing
1
486
1
444
Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31
The term of the loan started from September 6
 2013 with maturity date on August 22
 2014. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23
1
404
Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31
The term of the loan started from September 6
 2013 with maturity date on August 22
 2014. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 23
1
404
Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate
The actual interest rate as of December 31
The term of the loan started from January 4
 2013 with maturity date on January 3
As of the date of this filing
743
Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications Gongzhufensubbranch
 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
The term of the loan started from December 15
 2013 with maturity date on December 16
14
Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications Gongzhufensubbranch
 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
The term of the loan started from December 12
 2012 with maturity date on December 12
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and was paid off on December 12
14
Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31
The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYongcheng and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
The loan was paid off on September 5
1
364
Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31
The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by JinzhongYuliang and guaranteed by YuciJinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
The loan was paid off on September 5
1
364
Bank loan payable to Dah Sing Bank (China) Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31
The term of the loan started from July 18
 2012 with maturity date on July 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by MrTianWenjun for a period of one year starting from July 18
The loan was paid off on July 17
1
284
The bank loan of $160
511 (or RMB1
000
000) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
The term of the loan started from September 28
 2012 with maturity date on September 27
On September 27
120
Loan payable to Hangzhou TianCi Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.
 an unrelated party. The loan was unsecured
As of December 31
 2013
58
Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimensubbranch
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rates as of December 31
The term of the loan started from January 11
 2012 with maturity date on January 10
for a period of one year starting from November 30
The loan was paid off on January 10
264
7
464
8
323
623




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]
        
        


        

311
614

996
165


        

717)

877)


Accounts receivable
 net

326
897

991
288




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2009
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

283
581
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2009
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital
        
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2009
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

000
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities

 Taizihu and Huichun
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2009
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

638
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2006
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

637
723
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2004
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

492
622
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2006
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

025
787
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2008
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

963
243
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2011
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

544
497
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2011
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

563
824
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2003
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

208
233
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				02
				 2007
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

636
192
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities
        
        



          

        
        


Subsidiary
 Domicile
        
        


Subsidiary
 Date of Incorporation

				 2012
        


Subsidiary
 Registered Capital

152
138
        


Subsidiary
 Percentage of Ownership
        
        


Subsidiary
 Principal Activities

 storage and sales of corn and grain.
        

      
        

      



              

 2012 through a business acquisition. They have been within the scope of consolidation since February 2








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#

M#L;8M$HRB_XLVY$Z?0`7;A(4P
CV3).WKR$SHVJ49A0U4L\&1+#O/?'B6W$7

M&


B$GY0U^_Z#)[[)#&
MG=
:OVT&_R[&8/QDA_'-WQL\[OL6C\8U-26WQH6OIHLQ^+[EOZS;_;1VEYXO

MK&8HKF8HL&8HL@H4606*K`)%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19!8JL.8JL.8JL
M.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL.8JL$D56B2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DE

`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;',O+G)E;',@H@0
M**```@``````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````C)+/3L
P#
;O2+Q#Y/OJ;D@(H:6[3$B[

M['*ED3!1RF%HT9







M;3G8MCR;.QYRQ[









\S54B0*_/QZ-7

\2R$


M6TJ8\/G8?]L(8QRN7%DDSR?-VY#:A_.Q\S;#T/-CQ[_UJ$R)$T7Z6KJ80)ML
MQEYT%X1Q+
)%



O6E




&9T&'S5%@W`.&9QG[-0DA(`.&:#G755J:6DAKD.&
M:]1T5E
LR.N0\=KJC(D6_(Z9+RVFQ):R5+B%';+D3`G#R)K!&ZSO!M=S=4

QLCN#1HU(9O(@8))';
B#TK

0.6[6N&JFC)
&[K
M6XKQNH.M'FLY
C^X\9L
;Y:/H3

X?/&1E@;0)VBL-&CJF

EJG$-@)`[8EI02WU`GB2H-W1!-G4&&;SK4G

+GZ

M

C/6;4KSH=-^/=?G^_B

M=K_[]BEO

MEU1;$.ZQL%X80WD




M1'3T[BB-J`$F`M*7!!1C`K.10]R*+7Y^NGP2[!F/1EC7X&8@ER'L40^?(9



M(%8\%G0PI\M03^WY#
V
'P_CV+OY%@S&

!/!'0@$$DA


M:&5E='


-!K-



M?#YG*?)Q^E:@LJ%)*I0G#;2_OF:WNL]6I

MLE2DVQ^7$E?)

]QIZ1#JV/7WZJ$[!**19Z6N2

UH@_1;@D@9`(A40D).(E@G%FL
[(=#+@F5UV1PHQ
M[FA@[

T-:W-YE2'P7H:5;##D&/8P2JTCES)+%H6$

M^US*;-H.&([M6!JW%GJ46%#M4X)*T

MT^3ZZ5*&JC!LW=;YAWL
PY$_Y0?$$G;<;
M]`W%62(Q$B\BK$^R)Q[Y7'[Y:'0'S7KDIH3;0735U!S+6?



M965T-C



M!5A:ZB=!JOYD/U



AL


1H
2LZTS4-M[U!E&LSK#[B58X3FL+C3#]AQ4
M



\^BC!/'4Q9GL^SQ+

M?/$JP;QU

FL#:I4@N*OL48(8W2I!


2ID)@(B3




O+/VZ<#'?<OW=KN(NWK%TG^N-^=_<!_N12H
M7)%W5!ZS6W2+5.GQ_GE/1\#GCM[+P]YHM^1AJ[EBX_WUP@M]MYG$-O.!6_^


O$_6][^





L$
M;&8B(Z9J4Q`D1F.S&4$M+.0=C.4D:`R$HFH

M)O9GH
`
9:;L@G&-%)BQ`C.1&=?6Q3Y/%9A9$O.UXJ]K=:[`+)(84^S/4H%9
M)3'`%VL%9I/$V&)_%&!$ISJVE`IP:JN#6Q(DKPJ04EFM8')2));8Y0I^BQ

M^N$KQ4N9K)[$@/`TDA@P\TT%IJ7`M!68C@+3



M^?\B);%:
6!H[(*9])2$DK4.*';]O6.;V?4?\&9KB.(PVTG28NTD)%VJ((


&,MC%!B2G6R`PR&S
)55<)71O2@8@

1L/<`W;,
M%<ZDY1Z4J'&A])QM!+(;_5XN940Z0;:1!

00
M)48H


MKP_*)BEETWB9;M&0BKHSH=QT+-


EC6A



D
3U#\11K^R/71
S[WX_B7ZPM[Q
MN;U\]?@?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`<5Y)F)H``#
!@``&0```'AL


MU6W2)DW3/JX=





MDF?(KCIH[B\U\5BQOE3


M_TTQ8H

L6OAH
]FX8@+B1TKP-
M[(%W_`ZM?@
``/__`P!02P






MAS:!'\+)28'WE?K)#U\)W94*XHZ@(EW8(G^])S*#CH*

5&(!/AU&]

Z62/5`M21RLKU4G/TU4-!)&9&P$YF`^^YZ


X%-;(Z$C@+L]1ZA\E./_^_ZT8J&M16=


T#1)U:4Y@)PZ1

L+S!

\S:@SDX`1L2




M(_.52O-V\_G3^L3%D\PH508XE#(R
Z6JE6W+.*
%D1:O:`E/4BX*HN!2'&Q9

M*XAX.E8W




#8O:B'15
M@X7O+9RW\ZA3UTC&(^CS81_N%/:Z
^OJ[MUM*8OEX$AN&]$X1



MU?D%V@GYLT_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`K7A,-A$#``!K0``&0``



'.T:#'





I]-^0%%B

2R-#E)$H
I1YM'(1F4K0F&&D


M-5WA)$[BX.-$R@80U=DJ5=/L6:QF::]2+^')_M^HO#B*`P]\_S2LTV?_`WA
M)5F3NA96QK9J;OE0@^'N,%/O?76(&O=7:M:J^\ZP`*.NPR5YQKRDK;!J4HE
M:\?P.G(]+/6%9%T_;S9

M0*PE#?Q2
EYC9=\YXF6$UQT@^K*WT_\6I


BGK@-?N5.0$A\J
M^8T=/Q*ZVTMH=PP5J<+FQ=L#$3DDC8HC)53SBH`@+].3=74@$3P:_?_2`NY
M7[I1@N+4CP*0.ULBY!-5EJZ3'X1D]2\MZBH:3
*3203TI]]#%

MHJ[`!RSQ:L'9T8%9`\\4+59S


MJRR=+;P7R#0_:=:7FL!4;'J%:@7@#8Q0^9CQSZGW*$JL4%07%-M:WP#O@2VT

ZFQ$L7A]


EYG4V([O=1*3VOZ]:P,LP?_R)S`&;BP%1E(SU_GG:&N3I
M_Y`KL4UNOZA:
Y`'*
W

M`#M#L9&9GUSFD-\=%Z&#-3L?U5V$)-?;/!:ZWI47TT:JA.T11
9LB
/8O^













M

M


&ULG)9;
M;YLP&(;O)^T_(-^7\R%$(563JENE39JF':X=,&`5,+*=IOWW^XP#!=*E:6]
M@-=OGN_]?



M;5(-V#'VH*3WF7H$@ZV3T7==`WYP(R

M%`(%&]



V

M

C\L;M3KOA!1Q5
M+2[(=\P+V@BC(CD,M<T(YC[7AYV^D:SMMOH=DW!(=5]+^$]8'^T31#GC
G^

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#R8-@FX`(``-`'```9````





M!S=R4N!]+7^RPU=RTIM7TPI'S%^4M*1`:!`HWI^HHI8S4(@*O14+4S(!#\

3`/#C3.D:O_[
*'A7)G6))$.QV





MYJE*T^;70WXA5[Q5?^!&_;[[^:?-)ZG?FC/&K0(6KLU6/;?M;:UI37'&5=ZL



W8H+W
M_??&RO!L9#O_P8K56X'/_^\*.-V-QQF

MAJ

V&8D
D-L1B0R(VI&)#QAJZ5-%`

893FRH4F.QYT6F,<R:V!5E$[`0&P([PV/-)^$(5K`


I


&4$966$I&4



(
R/LD5FYF3
S2RWDG^(
MSA-Q).0#6)'%5RH:7T!/H
M8\GB9:8GEY'

M4CF2S2*\\/08
'KT&27Y0N'9@8E/=J%V[.G]*42'[?,<
MQ[5U5RC5`8=,DGW<W[5TI`M;S8CK;L-JX(D5-N80X0U)_^5,X%,Y0N^EZ3B?
M6V%BLWMG=H]9X?J$`WRY-$I!WNF=L@ES?6@=[KM?+'I9)[3OT1JN$*?M5K#
MQ2&T:T





S&A&WCU&$M:
\
*M41R2#F\7
M


.:(+A/8(2UB?08_1P0,8D.$N(62(S$9I?=(^?A,D$DM67(F+2FR4$
M$C@[/(Y#LD8R4X(F)ZN2FR/?O/LD3.1(PRDB)KE90BAY'S7C\AIE9DB-+OD
M'CL)$SNZ

CLOEDS?0NI__8T?CT:D8

MG]R'
F







MR;O*'3XM=SQ.2W



MLXKF3;Z%\.`)WGAU?$/R[



MAIWQ9=C3?P```/__`P!02P


)$`2A51-


7

?5B2)%39[.'


MT=@[#4X0;`VP+*&73XNI[\WQ$S0@VV.6%@//#N/W$:L#BZZVIDU/`AAD==J@





M
!2&[R?M/UB^)\$)0DB5U5MTJ;-$W[N#:)0RSB.+)-:?_]CFT:2)DZ=@
Q

MI10]6&QXR\V+

MS$-P6BTK#AW8V)%B=8%OR6*=X'U=/G\XNR@SYZ1;N3AD^+5%]XQ!N6R2[`


\F\W)?*Q8


M7C7#/\#J#P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`



).7




M`B]G

$%``&

ME#NB&LEH9B^J2A+Z_HQ4E-?8)2SEF`R1YSQE=R+=5ZS6+D2RDFKP5P5OU%M:


C4



M-/8]@'

$%``&``@````A`!^'1-FU`@``


UAM6.H!3UZ)\N66J@(9C.-')JD0





*$#_+TK=^
M3MJ5O
?
P%

M``#__P




MF\0A5I
9<$%9MW31S'<=TA6L



#JP;N*7JLUB:0[*J+(3^O%\9E*3&W*E!PU@!4S'
M\RH/T
)[AA86([

M:]P4;+J%L;74UYH9VX:B
XT9FW$CR((:-PO:SF@*XMQ^)/3IJ`^/'N_(=\QW

M%:W^`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`S4XU$Q$#```00``&0```'AL+W=O
M



UZ&7



KJA.Z)C8
.YU]M5QME0_-%[HC5C;&
*


^W.X&#*2:'.@/(@ZLDE9!
[#TG`6\)4*/

A3U7











M&84
E.T6)WEBWZ'Y&B';72ZT07\I.8C.?TOLV.$+I]EW6A%P&^JD*K!A[%%!
MOV7J%02[H^@'78&?W

4.7PG=[B24.X2

*);%ASX`5`HK\M(QC;^$^06'2(V8UQJ`^8GUJ'J




;*/B2






R0(R2N
URRFJS0*Q'H=OWYT_+(^)


@'JB21DQZ$9-5?#06=E!8).Y$(W'?S

0E)K[M2B
M=BG0`LKQO`Z2;STGB&':0=MAE!H$MLA$4UZQ`.#O4N(_=REW9V(0KDG+F+
MYKUP&\)&0Y
S*#&)K8TPS
&3QIM3\`J!=F\NGIH/WFADJO
ZB?Q+8^?SLR29

M\2EK:=


-WI/OF.]I+9R2

M`/__`P!02P

Z/C\LE]7VK3ANJOOR7)Q@Y*6\'#<U?+R\+JOSI=CLFA\=





M;HU?0.Q6G!;']0D3M0A3`BGJ*W'I


P5Q7


+@V[.I<F^L):(71-7FQ@\DPBII=!



MF

84+N^[0--$897R5S/(


F;,:L^X[CU=(?9ZMAZ\&[0FYJ0
M)4^YPPARD&MR#7NZ)FSO7).H][5!B+*F8Q6%/9


^L1/C(RH4:$8Z#;A



X$GQ+WG^R0-HUS;C
MGL6PN7-LH?HECUTZZHY^)J@JSP=B`G`











MNEU$

M+1D$N-;UH7
0[S%A2QI8C0
M\1;D-?M^U^B<)Y2SN:2C#ENF`Z5\28ZFE$&XSRFU<TV708-
19)I0A2



MY@[LFMJOX-
)SZ0A:+PGL'R895!&=730&`GJ0*&
!48_ZH?0`DMST(@.SRR&

`)VDWV/+_=9L6;AGB.U\Q6
M2EMZAE;?$4)`IVD+&!:$L%YIE!`0!53J[4%'P28():IYU#@?8&@S0T(PF9$J


M


%SA
M

3;5]+D)$&4LL`EWR3C07H/D-+@LFCE!)
$$KT
M)AN#\R-];G5O






T:WE$=
MR('W8*FEZJB!H]H0/2A.*^?4M20.PYQT5/38
RS4.1RRK@7C-Y)M.]X;3Z)X



M].0=Z4;NOBA1?1


MJZ62.P1#`YIZH'8$HP4PV\P2J
_KF4%*UN?*.CE70&OHQL
JBO)D21Z@AFP/
O/[FL5'-UXHGE(PVMZ\_N:=L=/
M;M#;XVO!5O
POD7Z

M1DDQF78?@M^5?I4
=

M;2P(9SKPU\
MT#CLDS``
2YX;6SL64]OVS84OP_8=R!T;VTG


WP%
$H9UKKUUM7=G+Z!L#4
M


M
AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&
M%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2O)#T!4U4V_LPP9`1WJOGG__







Q*A!\2YICQ.IXI')61
M'.*(%0U^$ZNP3

9&R;


(48SVN2J#[W$W0_0[^`''*]U]

#%5!DJZ4ZDC&O]=V684ZK;E
M\*YLM[UMV

UJ^D1$&WUV%6TT*=F5O-B&:*
MHL


7*DB):#QL
^NQXBM4*W%J:[!MP.XN3BNSJ*]AEWGL3


'$B'5#I:A#0TSE88`BS4G*_]:`\QZ

W&`
MP?TZ5$&?





M]!_8_ZCPF?W@H3?4(3^`VHK@^X4F!F$#47W)-AY(%T@[.(+&R0[:8-*DK&G3


M'K$#$3&2][DVI(D=[


M@M

M)[7HW61.)L33;SY-?7$6K@O\A.5LSBB26#HNJ?DABHE.^V5QUSD&J3WDQ^E2
MD`X1+O-X[]Y


I
M:VOAR/T=K!]*_6\
1('C^^[JI]6IPR#VX_=QWOT4F*_#4=3:B9VP]QU[
$-EOZ#BZO9[/9S?#JYN9F-AD/)Y
HR*N$



(^`G&G`:!





J+%%%I+LP\\FNQ^=;9Y:CS[@?T+K#+9!Q_7


M&5Q[?&I@J1\(KN=L8X6[


ML#*)PBOC




]LD
0W&D








KO
I#E5$&]I53%*Z\-@Y43/HA
:\VT.4
M`*K

MBY*,^?NPE^'..MH-%MHW;D\1CI!X)&ZTR_#K)`X-&Y60J?$E_KXB7A+%[U


)SK`P5]C=*!9(70FW;

M:%I1C=$=&HZ*TO@*:6H:SWJ4(!'NWJ2/XWEF=&D\N[H

MK7E*'V9Z@P+OBA





M8.R.-VP+M%#6%EB(^X01^X$TA`OF:EE;
1S:)H=B#R[*V\CQXK`M<%G6


6PESQ?E]T20W[&5/%-@#WDT@1?$
M/<IR-*;1G0A&]\'<I+,!)0R;9T1@+$QG?7#,T/:]U![@H4<8OVSD*5G:_W1


U146?\D
M8N8;;W?(



M.A8Z;FRLK7EPPL?LQ7DO?_Q7:V

M`!^^=#UUHK]GP?K`!KG_OP````#__P






YY9U`


O)RUDN&<UZ]W=7DU%SLJ\.CWY\W_PP
M
[N;/VA^48741V8


MG
^UYZ_NP6[;E

]L



'I2D9
MRKE$L79W.KA&_3^;N[?(EPMV:OAS

MJ1Q+!S[

MQ0\FHSL8()J3
?HHM49ML$#3(?K9E+:P:[CG67&+ZK.J;`AT;`.5BV(!V)/(
MY;
Q'K:E@+ZOYI%O)Z
!0OM5MGH+3R?

M;-26O/Z[ADF$J#E.77J_=#'UMS]+]


6:P.*T6*#
.
UERP@?3`B

MK47V9

VR!U.RJ(/2

-AJ.E@I:'S?='
M]OA6C^=`N_RFR
;+NRLT!

5E^7@+7$4M26YVVGITM\Y;DK\FI%KV*+NEH[^

?\=0IG#K9'92RE:+I*$R0(

UZAP
**&QF/K#?W!?]S0FU;0DQ78

?ES?+)MT&H





8?%-GZY^
VK
B&KTAZ
5&*G/5I+#)



M!Z[Z\O3LU$A


M[/SBZ+PK1'9VVJ3D#`PP#EBH0[?%F)1UA+@B!$\WI\KA\.GLFFJ]R33`2(7X






M+U





5+J*




Q4%

NGU

&0M+%&

MP([/Y6`Q%MKK





P8C`U`]H9=[)_T.Y+/H)BBDI)F!6?(HL:;'1`Z!XH/E+R



V6
MZEUP`
]_2TOKQAU]#+*V&;G*E&F=^;K8-U)TX%O?:2%\ZROW7MR

\)\.F


%4UIAH+MN$KZP_


9







=%GE=QM7)%_UW&HP7[`BKY;6M+VJ-0(AE8:57@@=
M40U6J(T]P9S00YEY=PEGL/1'6;T4\JP/V]I'DM`/K^IE3W9;'KLTBJF+WF_R
M]-PJ?U&OY^&HW/6




M^VJK!FL1Q85U-HIF)NVIZ*Y@)IG`+\N5)FM@GSR/B?AKD-F@JCN\[V7?=;OG
MGKH/VF:1]O5R;
P@&VUYWC%G)LE)2WW4MJ/4Y(^X7_H/9O!A#(:Z&EHUC-25
MS
YO*3M]E''U6/OO)M[V942LZF@UR!Q_L9CW8Y.OG@J#\^PPG)=7Q-708F(
MENZ2YZPW]I

M(L5S-EX5-?2VJX#^

`674K?K1:

N
M4T_
'/5(H@`G8KR;_F
M'<^G#Q&Z#Y6KE-C:T=7D:-J

MOT



MUE=M]@R
D;[CDKQ^R'Y^!R;\^79Y30*4'-S6%6Z

MD&



MS.C^9PQ
8DFNJ$0.BJL%E
2[GK0!2OGJU@O\6/J%K3RKEJ[O_%(_G;M3&IF&

)EAK^./7KRB@4!
C[[UR6-)=HB6Q20\9

M)70BX!IT?`S0:0XZ-OPB-O!FR(ETM\30Z];3I3RZ*.FGR`YVK$XV9L!.WYO3

$AX]9TH:D)Y$)@^D,/]FQ^NJ$\IC/N$NFHN5/?%Y(]
M2`XL;_LU2D@Z1C5`:5@UE-F<9Q


M_3C$9`/FU;!#L'3MNYZJL
V-VUNY^C`F4LG;9;
IC`BWZ)7^TIV6^JKM0#/3

MEM:RC#WERH










M+AO^#(]_;8/:;QZT'5B6S)_\_L!)\]+HIND[AB8L.KGDY&;IM!L
42MOJI'+

9XU1#^C8)LTF32[7?N824NIH#
MH6O.`(T47^

M7NWO=5YQ
`(R$NF+`FV*7

%

MI4Q1G[*8;UQ4@?%V0FSMD0@WF-M$9@QDYNI31)T?C9@C*9BX]9](G(U!






M^-X1+]`LK8*?$IR:`




M).`G.%S#UH(7IK\KSJ



M_42(4J
+N[3

MD.4\94R3JU@`3P1



;5]-74CT^'Z`?N.+[5E<K2$R=Y4




M#;+REQRO!MV+,XDQOAFEC/2/Q3/\1*[HPA6%6#4LN]7#)$:ORBO)B4E94)


%1E5%?&YN+H

MQ@;:!91J46
RE





^&IA5%;#;

M/?



MEW




M8.L4&B
F5*R41O3P
71T)N(
B2*!&C$7A%`@K:[(DV2%)1FE/$G)&KY9ZFK




FIKZS
1H@C)448[-)P2)!'!7


M%#7.E9JBO4EH+[U9/(!K_3?6X6-F.O5)[)GZ
@!Q.OF(6(;M0/Y\1VLSUO:J



(4#RG38:A=%=CN
^CS;)91$0K@6_[6.


M=KWJ

MIA


R7HF08.-EU?4-%KW
1E?@

M[



M/S*+ZGC

&







M
&*@RAARS?6=?GA7;^L!SPGR*PJ?L@





*\O@&MQL$S@/



G-EP\:^


QEMH_BJ^8@






6#6RA0VF9'/;Y^!5&+QL`5W6Y
`^S\)^4
M9JN`.01OY@JMB3G8-%







4+2
MPQ^P@


MZ35-IG'0HKFX1L0JXOKL\O+J]9=+:HG'F`+5@--?1+3OU;6L!75J4[9E/K

MZ-*
D:V/LG2DTV_*T+M2[BOHNGW.45^0DH)[

`G/JG.0^



7!(36-O`371U

GJR1[@9YA8!G1_W@YM[N

M-NQ4-])%K(E-1::.CG8!AA#;]F9X\6:]`=TD@E%R8QWXE/8W.C^_4(N.()6E
MB/./FRB9_1'&'JM@`622#(EH*5_'+\
K2OY$H970IPIRTQ$`^#/5I[@L:Q

E_3#!YI)$-U`]_UP?G?+9FUA)9)
F1*.F+?S

M6GJ!







\RRY(IYJS%^
MJG-




M&PMVDV2!'`JD,S3\,4LZTT%DFZ+L1H0)F6.6IQEM\*:U87`JY8G_]X8?F2

MV]G;V*W



=MMZ(:-.TYDU5:+MP@?&Y?4`4H662N-]'2_O`G$(4
MM:OD-[(SK
AVN.%QC;8JPLS`IGU@];[JY]K+A\=K\PL+7)@_UY25ZS)S4
MA?;8$@7K\X^_#E0_9?J'38T3BQ%MZ@YIW6+K!CD


AT4C9P+
S4

#NQ#;0C!`Y`S5V8P;*`6V1(D*\+YK^.(Q`




MY7:/8;H^SJ7&DLN#E7\NH(S)8?KG!`EPU\6&;75@(M;Q`*'^)1CWYS[EML1:


M=4MK:=H*(YMSJZUH^[QN3M;


!$AUOVXJ]%.NS(^]&NTA/PO]5K:!P_@D!DZ=6W.W(-98[A
M[S''R)@8VT(V1R2N*L76?


:_C\]K2))S



\)
+LZN/[:IZ3[B=/D.6:/-%
M13]$)T@I,&?HPVI^C(%[4.2^G4\JRHQ(P'_)?4\!ZK\Z.T]]S34!AO*CS94
MK=/+
B8WZ3=/


34BH)F3-+7
=
MT/KZVH._6I`KQA$CJY-VE\VGZ-M()#8)@/4OP,04A)N_%U((**4F57DH

M?)
[C.=562!5C@9$4JHL#T?`MC%T4+O#]_U!/\*H-8

Q1G%

M0`L:-(:+%7KVKNL6)PY?!F2QF8]X.\N';
9V#WO
&8P#QK_-=)TD!;0+U[F8
OB1S4.'W1SCV<<GIZ*



1


J65F2TSO)`J3'UWI*I:^[HWRX;HJOG-2;[X0

K6@X+[
L


MI561NCB*

M[+4A\9E6SSS.R



M:


1ZQB
MBHAM






OJJUXA),
M3LD=V^?VI6'5^6##`%ANGOP@45`*7J1^\)


MO7G
LMV%!RD]')^@R

W(%6.


IOQ][
ENFW;^#S5I[X4^4


M5%TD:ODK)WMW:X_*)S.[=
E#U[BXJMC-S#/:%I@/K^.A3U^.AC`VFIOF4:EV

(<V2!B^N_0'G,*&)G_S62$C.C?E*X193UCC@4GE(88S
MRZ,]L02D7+[H2OSOFYGEW`O-Y?DT9+G-A!K_2#7=O1BFVJ0#8H\3CXM]5;B
MUEYO!\&M!$;G-
ARU=3286=&)$$)7NX#FQGQMTF?^)M_%:E`2^8=7E*U+W)2
M[8ZQN:\U='QIYAK[V8

AR



@&MSDN%._
M$&EFN$8\BP20ZX9A=T<U@[;6;;=[X?S^#:8I41[-.EY=&(^QO04C@=2-=9'^
M()88)4Q1/RVP.6:WM$\^I*#$_K\1#`G!`*VYZXN:7;`X]J[A$=

MAZ%N(
2&(`RZ@7K_5`Y^)/JC4]O5]=O197-1;\!


]X9(


MTMC8WLT1.SH
X
EG





M1HMCZ'%#6)KJL%/(552N38Q+.`R4OXB(AQN;=JW'(E/#%F(T+J1%GYPL/)
M.L&PA;4%LG;.
#G`]T'_DTDP]UTTNJ*F5]Z%N-.Q.?I/&1T@
9^%OS5!]Y9P




Y%A^Z[W]
)FX!4!N@A


M(Z1


-UPCVYU
C9=


)SXW2Z__K)[)
G]F]&DVU+
MU^E!X


M]SF$PS
QPFG40[6P2NA4SOXX=`!

ML2UZ!)FM41JZA*WHH*@P(L%E

MTTX$ABX&+MS(1._EY1DY&.0^F$I8KQ&U-^IW8Y6R8;:Y*1-M135C58@)*UIQ


@A-'T&Q
?
$E'W[Z?B*

M8D,$A'SE*O?M`\!)5%I]^=O58SK%/V.D]Q?MJK?.WO1U0Y!AA-@GXW)K6U


B_E0&]
MM(;+L97L

^^2Z0E+LXNX

558_3_/DR




M4\U2+H*YZV%2/)67`\@@EE10AZ(A*#4N4UNJE


M090G4J_BTC
86L-+H;[K@QQ6]-=X#+)-K\%_

M/3/U+QK?^R#SH80V`:BKGR$W53V9RM-*H\KQ2\HPQ\LP$@O(81U%.`$\-K+`


O2)5
)AO,_+
M-@E8D[+J/HQ356_KA(66EM:-\EOOENV;0IBD%A8EK0]<*V7]Q_3Z@7O?-:Z


.^KZ/D*K[^N]N-






.372V*E^(_(Z8/N


X[<N;L5+@Q+)O_]'PCHOVI?+#!+L_N;LDX
M+)^00'5W2T)!^;O=B5K^N$U&FN[2B91J:DKYTF9+2C=;K#;BZGZTVS.0.]&

!CLNE_#C/63?



F7EO`EW]-GKQP+!/LFK7@I7[&BB[';ACOE


M3$?FL)H7Q`8X?(&5/


O(!





D_^F
MLNAK#736TQ&]U)1@'JG=W
[$JS@FS.K&08AU+:AG9HJ)]0`^S!RE`Q=6;M




MW6A


HAO4&_%6@/GEMI[QFFT
M@*;S=\X7']CY%[#

6J\P$0U
MIQ!9?A+T$8$KRNT`M4GCJ&!:;+'?8]MT%3)Y$-5
_XE=C$])_QMI95!NM.%-
M-(`0XD/-*3KHI$*CZD@VB



YI9VEM:#`-^6T+4+R8U@&
*W3Q
\NU8\2-!/)M:3;F'Y

1I/ZZ@0=N9/A
0FY

M)CE!2B$\$6V85%!LE-
5]!+94.^5'\FCN#ZF:)KH;!C958E(%;_=R[Z)#*H$



%X-

MMML:3J#2=E*:A%_*;IAS\$N.IF

#K
L

MO??`9+O2E):[R`VP

MVZ^]@`TJ9]5;*]DWGFAF05--*6\K_S30$4BZ&MD.@N_5'&U6`))OA)$@K8H5





MI@T
P+#[]^V6G+O8?_6V29=*6WCP#K*

WE/7[;O'C2;0'

MA=X[G1-]L%`
I?VHA<%:

K.<8V!


&'5O9.)%!Y-.3I

MMD)4\%6WDA$1L8*X4Q060@QOAP-IW;SEK9(E]^7\8IU(5]J1NF\JU-T8UW8]

@Q9QM^K@6C

Y5B)K\G3;N4D:%Y:%'/A1[.`#%L7@&+T2D`49(8P[9
;!X%`




9L@%D[L!W1:&5U`))LL)N$Y5AFN28?0FK7C7


!6,M]B'ZH%H7#EN(S(LKUU3`HD^NL[E3OJ)^^KBVB+



*SJ+QUQSS24X$QTP6351;`C^.;LT(O\$1(


&A*WQMWG]T(9OD189NK5%^O%#R`3*!7.:'




;A-N8+8@C


M]SUQ23_3\NB*
EV?LI_G9WLY-C:1_YO5CQ
'?L4'=





MTHWDS]$@N4XYB^


<,`VG^,+RL:T7Y::Y=L5I)NCZ..8
:D;9J



[3VG=!D\^/ED.ZT_7,N`9H#[X)!L7-#B:.9CA1[]U$@QF
T5X&



MMGWXEW+3BB2YK/N!+$^[1M
Q,^KIL:XWG1QIU%*K^##RYUNY&4&(2``OZ]YI3<S
5




5IZLNP9*X8OJO3U+NS5/A33R'RG'M.4*TH$FPEZ%6



M8EK_MA49R







1)Z+E0/XC&AOS2U

M(+0


D2)B

MBE


MV4-P@WV@*+)*.17&Y/0YU2]N,);7`9^X.23^-14RJ\/&]['2S-[=XHND
M!S(X]_S9

M:I_.%16RA50BBA&'S3UY(WQ;K


M!ZP3N+BPBKO!?ZLUL2]!-^P)N5I8MC)A0U84


K8D=JA^XXI&P\B:1!

J8E





/[
4-F




B1V;[4UO]GLJ/?#8
$@&35_<;Q&<WG$

S9*F#GW\'9:E!$BU_G7V)=1;
X4\-'G',#E4PKAZS_<&=0G=+*`Z(=$'H
MVZ<4DPPBVZK@04TGVE1Z67UD,&3Y8%U:9NX]BBPD7!M5(I&!EWDWZ%_O@?3

MA%P/GEI_*5&7U22YYRV/RW5


%GG&U<=P=[W
/A.:)






M;P

UA<7$T^J4#D=)EI#6%'H^&P$@S
S+;/D=;1$%`IZF_WP[8:#IQ9=^N
MU/3B4
2`!X@02E*9Z;M+3EL^`L$8


MF_Q
K2[Y




@7#S8_/LGX=@47W@C





MZP.I#
9(D_@\C/
6I!%S%/#B1U-S8IPT$[W\A5!`
XN6H6KHP*=@E):H+/$R



T7E(`^TSA`1D;QHRG:WP1I1M.UW
ME0N0Q]Z(BT04[3_VRSZ;A27?=K_&PW2(Q\KEAAA.LJA`[43IK)AA9/=\C&
MRI')CZGTI20+


;XIWS
DSH!:IPF-$!I

T;
#L!6_!BS5H-B^










N/+G52P@W/(*J4Q3^
1#FKEA5


M.F9^*



T.ZW/H$LENJ,4U.\FCY%,%)S
MNV$?QR=3FWG8CN#%VFC[7N+\!/CH2789:M(5X\GAX_CL72-]@OR%A:
N*%4
M`]NY1V6CVU$+G_WJ'O+13];LW4'L(*JBY


M16+(P

M5*=AJ48VP.W%4'YFJT@73N(0;)PA'P7BT/L3'!E$C(JHN(2ML(`6\=7VRN!
M/`_5[ZN:GWCY[77$LG&(@@1

80L

M


CB(%L1,KX-RD<M2M-FO?C^T0&+.S#PJW-+

M.+#%$!%_C@)PS9X0/VBU3L0/ZI!%G(SZ[GK^#N/0E#7[I@8/?8


+;=3T_T&#&Y6&_H&8G!4





@Q(@W

%.VMO$F\-TF`?K\?!_$DC=+LWR[$$W4)
MWE!+%W.M=@@.#?RG::D[@M$,G%UF=3GY<P@)1=SY8*Z4%`;Z
;]8AS.R3U4

HZ6]?

MDP%C3Q$FT^FSD])#A`?A_#JZH`'BTQGR3?:25YO\ZG8/+NO#O?UT./$`*NU7




$%``&``@````A`%`R/0\_!@``KQD``!@```!X

_?OOQ\/B
M6]5V=7-:)WS)DD5UVC3;^O2T3O[^Z].[-%ET?7G:EH?F5*V3'U67O'_X^:?[


(1[K0]W_&((FB^/F[O/3J6G+QP/


J?MKW4&X-,W(3N]O^^%AU&\@HA%D*[2)MF@,(@)^+8^V6!F2D_#Z\
M/M?;?K].I%EJRR0'?/%8=?VGVH5,%INO7=\<_T6(4R@,(B@(O%(0+I8BU5R;
M&5$D18%7'^5&*2N<UIECV5?/MRWS?


[MTAR\3BVEQ8-G-BAYQF-A-IG+4QH#)I


MI
WI
MX$B<#XL51822)HT4F:\6:AL3ABN=CB882,OF2'-P)W:?3DBE#=NN&01402$

H:!
MCM9=M*IR8G!LP[CP*2%Q8V^`S2K\U






3P5-C[C



M



``/__
M`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`


M2.+(-A3^_8[MT
9-YP8N@.#';]]SCL^)6=Z^ED7P0H5DO%J%*!J$`:T2GK)J






3?_B#D-NYGK5-4BMG*7^M19QVAVZB;'%H)QVS]IAG:-0:/BLY(V
6'M0M6_U:%MGQWK8'!3Z-^9_EKJ<'(-L&Z'+B&L4



^K@D^ME&

XA\[MG
M59
G
%;J)J-)%%
C=Y;
J

-]KL[45


M\QX/7112P%J+G8+&!1

M)H0_=]][F;LJHX-Q-)K$@P3E9`/6/4AO28G86:?5[R!*/%1ODKZ:#)#^=3V-


HJ']`8G6E_0*`,HN&1
M:'RJ6%U3G$BR3'D=3@OQCL_.A?A;D^/7@;1-;AKBA






VRJ*/








6


'U0CL')9<(




4.UYR]6%(7:?*U]\/
MM6BS70EQOY




0L51(0BT)?%L2



LLY
AH



M([

SZ3=F'%%36GV6K1'TK*^W
M,`N:(C[+VLC8V\:[F`5=YFP)1XB^(X9YG^5N9&QO83`:,P39,4O\)ZQTEGN
QD<L&<


M]D?6'G@MG9+MX5%_$8$9M'B8QPLE&G
@W@D%AW#S\P@O70R.E?XP'LAU.5
MORYTKW';_P$``/__`P!02P



]-YSY$0.



MT9@KQV]:VY#&P0

M!N6P6C^

8Z#-

&2[`/OB<'<GO67



(YW;K



MU1^CV]E$6).]U&6+.^8
]D?[_48


2S#C=')M





2[,2!.M3HF:5R@#4#

=TF6A4



BNAR83*J

L




M]_0?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`B/P4A(L#``!K#```&0```'AL+W=O


U;%)\V`;^^PY9RX
D_7M2Y9:STPJ+O*-31S/

MBY7KJC!A&56.*%@.O\19E3#I=R[JI

MV8
(#QG+-9)(EE(-_E7W5BR\(Q=!F53X?B)A19`10[GG+]6I+:5A:NONYS



M`C^D%;&8'E+]4QR_
+Y/-)0[@(A
8*OH]8&I$#(*-(X?&*90I&``7JV
F]:`
A`#<VC&E'[FAM*WPH+3(_B*(5%1(XE<D\%Z1^/Y8

VAS8V




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#E%J_T

M\?=;=;\#Q?N`Y=U4R*VQM5J6K
5:7AUP$FH`IVQG


M$FE5J#)(MPHBOE=!M.%5OSL8C=\3I5=%$=_K*-VK[GB@#8;OV)9^%45\KZ.(

D:Y5C-[Y+\ND6E@K

M_XR_+K/G)1GU]6']^=-N^^M7.'$H=G_6!?72^VFB%RG89DTKXGYN[P45E$
M^;

MI!7)

B\%O4BKMJPJ(




FT+=










EDX!)R1B$C-9
M,4F8I$PR)GDKD=.OF*P]KAF`]OG=H\?DXAN3IFWF!;%&J(SK&YU.D--G(O*


MDC!)F61

MLXK20BPF-A.'R9R)RV3!Q&/B
UDR9B$3(F
9


M8.(Q\9DLF01

?&9+)D$3$(F$9.8
MR8I)PB2MR'FO:

MS&]6D98

?&9+)D$3$(F$9.8R8I)PB1EDC')



9__CO0KI_^/TV_0





92KI_-58ZLHA7&$.(%8=(F*1

FE#
M:
_SUH!R0HJL^4B_6RF]HL#]?T4Q8?)=6:F$ATCF(P
9E83&PF#I
Y$Y?)

#&96$QL)@Z3.1.7
MR8*)=X)H'4WIA?P32NG(EDP)B&3B$E\@C1W:G5*3N5
$F99$SR5B*G85&!


M

MFADH%]YI%RMB9DQT)@83DXG%Q&;B


D3%(F&6Y*

HP51F.3[M8[S%CHC
QF)A



83$PF

MO5*UYB$2G:



)FQD1G8C`QF5A

MOGTIW:?#










M


1E^;3ZFNWXZ(/3`2?A6A6K#J

M7!*)M5!FA)YIB2%W-H^TV*3BZ!1I-&3.(U1DSDD0*$DU.X/WLB5F=?9F)U









JL:IX-;DHCF5N7/5P(M(F3$(





MD


/21$/-AHB&%ALN0F%I0J%F
M0R::.D!L5.J
$0
+C?5=0M<N572O!%1--*S2&!4BHR
^

J24BB7P(C)6^@%1_\\'


O;**_MA[&YDR.E&^%55?KM5Y-;NES#@\:'KQND'
M\E+MV_2R\_-_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`$8.;[Y\$```<$@``&0``
M`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970X,YX;6RL6%UOJS@0?5]I_P/BO0$#^522
MJT+5W2OM2JO5?CP3XB2H@,@3?OO=\8V-(S=)KG:/C0!GQF.9SQGFR_O96%
M\\KK)A?5RF4CWW5XE8EM7NU7[M]_/3_


M+PSW99[5HA&[=@3N/$74

3YESK?_I97










H1-:O@329D


MGDBA1*8=H'

M7!P^2YY^Y16#;$.=3`6V0CP:Z$-J'L%B=[+ZOJG`=VFE+*/[0O\0AR^
[W(-


J#%X1S7=K*4X
M6-`UH*EJ:GJ0K(#YZ`SCZ+R^9A4\&I(;PQ+;T.[@0D%]GC:$$'_M/D%2DQ9T

M9A&4[]2$YWN=#PP!0;


M.NV&R:G7HK`=@G#1'TT8`HY7G#XEDSOVB16%LA*Q-Z.30!=U3[NQ?N
W@[E[

2YX;6R4F%V/JS80AN\K]3\@[D_`Y'.C







MJD1TR?Z_7$.2



(A
2Q2SJ13(CBZDU


M3;=RH

2N'D
^Q
J@-;GG2ARZE\VI57B<A+H%CQC.O7BM3W\F3VNF$
MI*L








^BD:-?+.RP5Q;F$F#.%H9(':#./
1[
GSC6(1
MXSV*+IN^(T@^F@`';=QQ5@D3N#L:/`8&P%4=0RA4D?#5CD:I@Z&@S&UMB
M8-I'`19=\L%@.BC`&X3S[[N\$[#(G8'K@\'8J(H:N9TM!OC/AJPR-40-_QF
M-QJ


I
MYHR[_`\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*(_$-`]0``)#,``!D```!X;]W


%/O_\\'F8_



*RZ2FH^+E

MHF'4$@VK7U@F2!*C!F789[D

F0*3L&&V4U%-.E
MSGU1^B`4!38I+..*`J+L)04J-3S+YA04R(5B+(59-'$(ME#S%!$
WWBQ/8


Y:LQE



M819RA3%W=0B3-2FE0R&EN;LLY
H1W-5!3-DI`ZEI&;NLE!W=;A,`AI%=Y%
M^A


9\1Y
KA/NLA)FA29L=29J//


Y1/`&SI1)^'&]?V&-C1L%AMD!)'!DCB.
M5SC(!'D0$B/R!'F?E+_19,CY9;_J*G!2D0S-I?J?+<B0AH-D%8])EK]-D

Q?=AVA3I

3
M*:.9ORS4^RO&JPY:A5='=XR_OPP]YB^.G^ICQ79/5$D#
IFU/I(AKZMH

MR5%'N3VDZQ1D^JM#(V&4Z@-!&3


M\%0KC(\$ID.16LBU&#-_AZ#Y
Q@@WOMM#APS/T&N
FY^@CSKF

MP


M)WEFH5OF[Y_V
G^F9\_DSX'
KL0OV3*8/B.I)'#


X



MX6


7NQ=


O

%Y%%;TNW/O[V^3'[='4_[P]O=







M

3S20



MJKP2`QE[X@I=^PT9X!XTAJJ`5K26=]HJ-5HUE60RX1IOD%!R
\VZ*\\HV^


!3!9O1[$2)J_*
M@


)G969C-3J2$9#%B/YUE!/M$3EPC3
M@77Q2IT82BB1TN&(D*KLC^YJVWO9-C4*VA!B&:ZQ8ABF4T9!$BH4.H$Z;Y



M:J%#EIY]_W!.)3_J84`G3#=_@)+LRYETO






2
S_N?.^48@2B+1-3

M)!]CL1P:87)`XLGKX16UURQ33YX)=8[R_

MCJQ+2U[%


GP


M*6Z114*#$`FM%CIDZ?8NA



5L/AC?(#\

O_.T

_+%


M:&5E='

M9X8X9H0(F`N^^U[C&V?;)1VL[+
/QR_




WZJ(ZZTPA

M^A^#J*[599@?SDU;/)_`[P_++4JA/=P@^;HJVZ9K]OT



%A1@2J2!60:*5`69
MO()D-QV/L5MJ@*K5H`3_9SPVQL?V+DRR;;T62
!2(Q(@DB*2(9(OF42!&!


'!+:P4QZMANN0XL[^L[Z'=B(A/3&8LB!EF#





^
%F)H2GQC^^W

MP934LC81T!%O]#CG2W))@&F]J@1D8
N.%*]+O$F*ZPM


M
PGN+
V.6O!<RD<2?YG)P6*\CR;)$ZC\W^F8S?.-7P$-*;I+%Y.Q\[CR9UY

M)'R``3+2AG^AJA&#1AVO@3)V)5)^!/F%D:
;!EMI8'2XUQ;^%!RN5!Q!/6LI

M#NP&:0


ME+BU=B@(


M:;KM(._')*?LR.T7+^BE8%H95=L(Z$@P^C+G*W)%@&FUK`1DX
J.-*]+O$Z*

=6``GD@*=S*@(/2Q
UR`
!G_/:L_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`



20P55J^/
MZ^N/^]V/


4&7_@DQH



[(


0W96MF'M&UK4(&H1=8@4HEX@
M&;)6+M-#-CI'A






D`UH@91

MJ$.D$/6

M

M


4E5)\8\E:
M!:7$J


:(/.VM6%OD(:T9I4CBSQC'SXL0P
M:V'3SIGYILHQW[07364UO4F3TEP+


RTDEU!5_
XYG:6H4C;7R)AB-7BK$JA
2!


MQGFZ*.?S--K$]J+G
J-:]Y[(Z




M9QFRE
XBBYHM1#6-)

M&#(28U\LHAN(%5O9&HK&M!YS


MI!#U`LF0WZ2YZB+0J'E*T\JM&J0=0BZA`I1+U`


M85H8J




MBSQ)TVB)[JVGP;E


MO_)8ML[9RM=!S2A\SL*H--O*HDCRV%&+CCITI!B1CM(I7RZS!&HG[)!(5!GI
MU--SS6`M!2DCL4%
DVC/45FKH'88T1BZVF&4TBOI.I+YJBP7B^BF18NN.G2E

MR_2!G@C9+'?H2D6N?I*MT)7
_&1DH[0((]X*PLZ

.+.G(L/3$/<A7=&2X
.(C:7FIOTTT
MXBVE\]`W:\:.T'GH.REC1^@\]-6-D2-90O$
CYSB'F0T/O05@)$V*;6AV_AC
M1Z@-W;H>.T*YICMK8T

5!
MNT)J
W:$?ESHT]CY;_10C9SC1E\48YR&:6R4/A67GVB_/]+9C+I$K]V-'2GI





.5%+S=W




AT7//5^R*`=-F72AP@&4G5I8Y


`PG`DVB%DP$%
:G,ECT],VB'XWB)BCOR$2ZB@;^D$'`
MI/

M6=$

$J8&0[3?OO]XQGQO-Q:!K4WI3RY

M
V?L^S^^GHZC+V735O5Y-283:SPJS[MZ7YU?5N-_/H5WB_&H[8KSOCC6YW(U

MX&OS


1VJ=*N/L(%P+^C4T53
M`QPIOO:?;]6^.ZS&
S*9$VLYFX/*4]EV844EQZ/=:]O5I_]8$.%23
3F(O`I



M_0KWJ`QU3]SW6@!IIVU8)2+$D*T)`A.$)HA
$)L@
4%J@LP$N0(TJV:_QBHJ
M`Q5(2S17]V;-8FQ/?+TD,T0,OB'2(!(B$B$2(Q(@DB*2(9(KA+-2*A^OR+G
MJ,QJ;,\5DYR%8=.:![WGY!`R.(E(@$B(2(1(C$B2(I(ADBN$LU)V`(T)Z_O


FT($L.VB`2(A(A$B

M:(A1A):6+A0/04(H04+I$*




MIAPI/YI=&9EK(W7':)^K.D9ST_;H$?H[)^O!/-8A:^8Q1`@4%
4\HQO;T/
9



T/F(C!;)


MA4Q_17K^TK


M?_U.9W(;W@C2S=/D

!?^\#\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0E

M1MJNX?-5M?Z#R^=CBQ1);2K)5[%(8LL]N=:QQU82U\16RO)

M'4ETS1R








@06LH`L(06DA%20&M)`6L@*


M=R%UH7AG);[63N

M(:=0H@BJZYP105




J/2.(
M=A`;!M%2W.]OTGX_E/+]'K08@9:D@E22*E)-:D@M:45:DS:D+6E'VI


\3.$4!5?L

K*]V5)^2CYNK[D1#]O[3#OM?7O83DMASP;-
MS6/+N+,O2$M202I)%:DF-:26M*M21O2EK0C[4D'TI%TBB@*HGG`&P71]^PS
M1\1=3?%PRI$Z._$1\FL_YTO-5R120O2DE202E)%JDD-J26M2&O2AK0E[4A[
MTH%T))TBBD-^W@C+/'HWW2_HMXZ?DN:DQ:D):D@E:2*5)
:4DM:D=:D#6E+



J^G*E]?F


M%7$=2KD@SOV*CA:D):D@E:2*5)
:4DM:D=:D#6E+VI'VI`/I2#I%%
?5#.3/


TUX.?I+\N2$M202I)

M23O2GG0@'4FGB.*XGC?+=



M:8KO?BITR1D

MM`M206I)%6DFM206M**M9M2%O2CK0G'4A'TBFB.(CI#
9W7U0GG-QP%/?;


M113'];QII(F=

LB_EXXKYIP5++4D%J215I)K4D%K2BK0F;4A;

PYM-Q^AZ4+^5C;NL*^S)HR14+4DFJ
M2#6I(;6D%6E-VIVI!UI3SJ0CJ131'',SYMUFG#6R5$85[X'Y4OYN-JZPKB



M1]J3#J0CZ111G!_GS6!
.8/A*.[WZ?M0OI3O]YBN6+#4DE202E)%JDD-J26M
M2&O2AK0E[4A[TH%T))TBBN-ZW@S&E#
8CL+.B;F).4LM2$M202I)%:DF-:26



ZEW-+7\K553GR==6DAM1&%!^_WWQ:-I]

M^



MMB(H%M:6W
?KBV16/



M7WGAZ




MZBN_&4\O1NDYK;5E^L









SMTY(;*()B9LYO?)$^%J#$JZBBA75I98
U]W

W\RND^F7E:NHJSL^
MQ.?-EQS5L!2.,E*FCOR4Z,+2^%S,)8J'`7/[ABQ5*U([_%QI&OJV5=JZA4



M?7EQDYQ05KXF;2^*@W8YCD

MS5*%*^53LG34/XN:36^NTR^8K5Q%?JW:D6]!XRKRI5I'?=UC'?3TR=O*5=2M


[TAS1S[=%I:BA.^KU[=JN[H*6VITT;W(W;\]-I@_KI7;@&]&



M2

WB79@Y
?6=ZZ4ISEI05J2

M'$RQ&TXKTUERS;X+B@WGW8PM
K;
6)&Q
F-5QNJ
-1EK
[;*V#ICFXQM
[;+
MV#YCAXP=


T88I
MVC!%&Z9HPQ1MF*(-4[1ABC9
T88IVC!%&Z9HPQ1MF*(=6A+MW`C5?

MD%0OE'9W6^%GE`






@<2L_!@O1+'Y$J2W/%KOPY-&FWN2\.
MN]5SIR)3/KU-L^9338V%J64PI21,*0E32L*4DCE)$PI5-*PI22,*4D3D)
M4TKE)(PI21,*0E32L*4DCE9&AQ:$?I'7B7DAJ]/WN=[M9
@FPMRDAO3V9D
MMMB5G[])FFWN.\*

M1[#YB*;0HIQU-H80HM3*&%*;0PA1:FT
(46IAU-H80HM3*&%*;0PA1:F
MT

P)0`@X5-]F/F;F9.3$4

MDKJ#H)


GKGPR+6$MRB':?&3-/,-R;5OD<.DPJ+%P
M%JY=YK!R&*Q=9ZQQ%M;8YG#E,*AQG;&-L[#&;0YW#H,:]QD[.`MK/.;PY+O
M

M=!:\&JFH8UT%O3?[#4]7D]GD*KD)5`[8]?PK-



&VE#C1MB9OTCU6VJ`FI0U


\
\\TX[YM

M4+N2(JT]N0E3BJ`FI0A
*8+:E2+/U*Z$6M*$L9,BYV3,/TT6GSO8*?;M)7@
M1C.Y3NMB,!1S75P7`VO1Z:&WOWB7?EC%7^Z5,*A&3-4$[8JF5)3UMA5?77*


-55*
D0C5*HKB:

M@B4;'$\NPO\E1TZ9-M3[Q.:5?$

MS62JG[J)'R0K

X=B;I^5F=BB

MQ!:5FND6TV\V5C8.53VQ167C4
QM4=F(+2H;G]NB$GH*K_%)`'-/-XY=C/
M^\4):$U_ALMKYBT1_6Y@]XZ9?^JB!(0M
J:L0SEE'4Q9!U.:P913
.443#D%
M4Q+!E#$P90Q
&0-3BL4#S#E`TSY`%,A!9'6]/E9T6[*Y]
S3K35H9H9SZ]
MX8NYC)YKVBO-@$7&EADK
E9FK
I8G;$F8VW&5AE;9VR3L6W&=AG;9^R0L6/&



HVX%E
M=%X;+


'4OF+H7

'4DF#H2
+(.?PM,47\]=MFJ)M-^$S1=&&*=HP11NF:,,4;9BB#5.T88HV3-&&
M*=HP11NF:,,4;9BB#5.T88IV:$FTS1WS.1W9WF%'5\3PKMN^]J<G8Y@NIBFT
M**?0PA1:F$(+4VAABU
H84IM#%%J;0PA1:F$(+4VAABU



5?-B96?KET3K

M
W35)&

M^B4


M.L:VX*0_QJ/I9!Q\-4
7






MZ..E:D/_N=RT#?H24K
LNZV9=KG_RH-TK2LMT0^+9[9UI9#I=ZAS2ZZTI#M[

E48=1G.+5';='G(+5';^@_0IBV8JFTZ(V76F6D[

.A/5IDF(W!+MJ8;






.N
VU2#3

?IZ96X\8
'G2DQOX9ND
M&F0:Y!H4&I0:5!K4&C0:M!IT&O0!$&+21`$QE[04Q2\#/C9-*UKP16RJR+NQ

;-
M^\LY73)8R$2%YHTS.J?V:#*J#20#D@



M$:6(





3)?ZMF,DS]N
MON:+D5VDV<IKEB+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+J$/424E-4J.'=[$U7_A.W;\R

R)'DA=BO`
M:


M9&#FPRV-LS\@@K(JR

2VP4FM@X9?;UPAPA+
M(RR+L#SB@@K(ZR*L#KF@AK(ZR+L%XR*68LRZ5;GLRM1R]?[^]^OSE1!)*$

*'=5C(W;4C

M'%JN!TF7ZRN(5OOYP20HT$VIWROEFKYJ7PCGDRU1]R=1OE9P!WHI$45E=B
MK\0J5EL+B\Q'!
*J\#BP%0OK&G)X9

PQ;Z


MS_JH?(




0^RK

M5)=7;

K7R0YX@*1J$OE7N4;.5]50)):?XM)=
*2R:'1
GD
MF)!'E4R+[4XEVMGH*2B9T%
1F`V%#GHJ`Q.6QG;`]DE*
ZW066&AX]`KWR\Y


K/&(WI78#WUB(-E(/D]&__1JX
ML@6`T


MX$HTDHI


/QJPR-.\C*'7**XO)K)

M^JA\@S`^H1_-61^M]S%\J%1S6BVVQEK


NA4-+56BTX!]\PE'1L


`D^*-12(
1L0#'`F#B-4J^.Y
]GE:
MNKG!=-
CGN4'1FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VB#E$OD-1O6H*YP033(3'.UHK0


'%.QZS6JY]D&]MI
MZ=!@KOII
H%TA*.BV3W&(FZ1$K<T4(LH0Y8@*16B
ME&-J$'4(NH0]0))_:9EDEO

PJOPVH+
P^:*B?
MW-BQE6_8U]2^%AY




MG45J-JGEZ







M

)(3&
D)C.0$1G*&3

8
MR0F
Y+1


@=&96J;.5&U8TYF.9L&9


IZYE_Q&VQ0)8Z)36TJ[V0U2^_H
MM7EK6#=YYK;1%Y3;ZDV.S-L$3]#./1
?.=?[Z(4W\[OT](Q


M2@^3R$W1PR5^0@_+1'V[WJ@EG()E-/-AG'I&^PS#[B6-=RQ:7$.N7RE:P!FI
M89EWMMNN$K6ZDA2A+R6%R;B\%+0
_=KRDKB\30ADF0H8O0F1N*8R8&Q3O[T;


S



W_VYHD^L2-S.A+S

M=H2F'/W2+W;$3*Y8;-








#_\O`````/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`


MK)I;;^)*$L??5]KO@'@/^`*V04F.@N_266FU.KO[3(@3T`!&V)G
?/NM=G?;
HX33`_KW7$L+2S/M]BH



_T?-MO[(S[N7WW?'BJ)-

M)E6SH8B2F8DW%Y8V]9XF0']'AYTH#8K(^D=W_=B]M-N'L1]

M-ML)D^/1YKUIZ\-_I9K3$DCGC)UPM&KBCZ2I&N2M'S)N[



*=YWK&*T78=A#:5=\+:;4$2`HD`Y(#



6)W+EOM0B95ALLY1H-E@J%9J&R-%\XCI70

M5*Z1U]=KH=!
T-JD


&;N`
M$D0IH@Q1CJA`5#+$_18-GN'W)W<XU0Z:_O4=XI!Z/[3N$K';2^G-)T&4(LH0
MY8@*15#W&71_=WNLNH539?-]E&E%%#B`DH198AR1`6BDB'NG^CP#/_$9AKX



L=A)1*

J$)4



M


M(@2FS;H0X`#+3C0O
[J-TJMH3L/-VA7HM^`'
W@GIE:'SUH47T7+H=K0)^S`




)Y!!D#!;S?Q
E\

9.*Q#!8]AM:]
M;10W`6Y@(D[BWH;/P&


F2


MNAV''HL]A4X8P@2&U)


M^_$HN:[X)]XTAN1JCU-Y#@.OC_8WQM9=&
?Q1;KU-TG8?X%)WK&*?V.Z$JTA

#;IO\7L/D+``#_
M_P



MYZK[WHMJBTL19
_7NLF?SN#W-\/.Z[=_T#REZIHZK8^=DN06]&)8I_]E;\



MC[L[T16MA[Z\PKS+MP]-_;Z`-0L9;V\YV0&
`
1X7=$8#97VHT*#XB`BCT1E
MHX$34$

M2*8W%IYO


MY6#&?-PHE7`T2J4

M5M0PD%=G9%#D


C^J%Y)B0
M9FA^3%CK)

M.;:ZJ65\V$2AD



M7Y4Z`X:$/QX
A$*
(HQBC!*

ML!PE)_O1BK_J0XPBC&*



/9.F/CK44



MP/
T$7!WHQ2N

_VGY






W$L2R`W;6QT/)Y
#I%.


MD^^7$ZMK*B=;2BB0A'($P@@


!4!V8*

M!@^



MB`G



@HF.LM4!V8Z





M``#__P





MB1H=:%CZBC$%880@MS/:G59S2$2?IQCBA)NNHN9)R*U&@.&6I$'$5IG$1]

I]=6V/-?6[L0SF?;Q
9.H`9#^2#CDF((PQI1QO
I63#
H%$\A:DR7

M!2HX
Z$2





H5

$^-[BM+=9!#R


M5N%-WB&'WC$L;N@.R4RE?K2.3PBB74B9'IELJ;+*13\R[Q$\*M/O09M_I$
MK$3HK(XPU
#UC;HZ!9F+3.P2-`IR=F!\!APGBI#3)%I$V:#.H03N]!B=9/YP
MZ3ID=C(1%!V#]HM?2@X41:/]

M;RJ!Y0B3NS^QH'S
6*;E45TR&&[/3G3YI


M6%5T`=+&
1_7ZFP5]G8C.^
IW$8$E)%
_-Z4[R8744

M(6.3FL@/+(KZ(6M1:`DTI]Q:G`A1TRC+


MK.V0#P;D3\BLFI$%=]@=&8JND.%&)%
BB:X

IYG[D+7H]82F(,C11%2I(E,V$@J7!04Q-<[V#[2*L[


D8&=]PI'G.3:5UMT!-HD5DCY$XT



M`/__`P!02P


W]


Y^J3Q+[)/+3)YDMSBYG%]?QI21Y(W#N

_.OPU@XNS79;/+LW'4RF]

O&I4U#D(4@#T$1@C($50CJ$#0A


M$F)5$1J(@V1=DA,W62JIKJY&\[$]2ED;N.3*O'(LVNYK9
MU[T5B6/DF
E





M&.6

K=R
MLA=YSJA@5#*J&-6



M*:LR1CFC@E')J&)4
VH8M0;9RH1]K)L$+^6#[LG=FOM8)RS:L9\=SH'A@W@$
M:FE31AFCG%'!J&14

JH8U8P:1JU!IC+Q
MM#ZVD]L^%DBJ

H958QJ1@VCUB!;K+U?;MMBKE]
M!1K8B%'**&.4
RH8E8PJ1C6CAE%KD*W
M%XUYE[5(WF

HPC2&*/M%@ID*HR(%7E
M0*HJ&)5`&E@!:6`-I*H&:%BLX=';RH2+A9]4AE<$<8_<T^.!08)I,8%*O9P

RNHBNXL55


U0!K8`G4J4YEYN
#I


GU\!\/##P90%5[]S9?!FK3[J+HH14U=`KSIW]&3)N73
K4_L

M2`

LZY\=P]_?[)E-NO



ZR+MO.N1G7=C

M;+=[#PZ[@4H3MT`F
-9;@1VB:2NU!:_4@-0D9:)`5250:DJAQ(5060VK($


)UZ/`O
&+DF@TL%

M!I4&YD`FD



M(4/8A9?(I

V2+D8#




M^O#AO/7V@^-.'@QXW\G+&ZGX&2!2E'**&.4,RH8E8PJ1C6CAE%KDWZM!7&



@KRHN=8-AF%_DW$






M]2LZ?Q5R[FU.)3.:F$$]3=4Z#7@&7*$!J17HO#^@%50+M2+^_GT$6+
4Y9@1






M-`./WGZG8R4CBDIZ6@0SQ'!O(*WGRYDFRTI1HA):2%G(2\@R8G,@'7NF7)6
MG:=@XHGW$=(CI6@N:L6-!9`NHKKO:ADO^Y`R

MYBPO(





M&8XI*2MG((_]91ZT@F7=RW/:;


0I$FS/J/9FM,$XZVG.=&F5^N<#(4W0&\E8\',UEG(T@V



R

!T0:Z-SB!9T
M)O









.PC[]*A.DR&V-IJKI;PK9WVP
M
I_V
IXV6UT_G5E@0YYI&LB%@BS+TAJJ%RF=?-P._P3&:WC3#M(R)B@HS(6
ML_)5%+NY3A3ZS@1XD
Q9&7(V2PO(

EJ'F7:0D#%!1V4L9N5%




Q;


RS5!7[@\O

M.9OE!20YD6$H

M'J`L83
WD+.0%Y#@M%!F=)Q3FRTY14@.2+T/REE).@MY`4F:O0QG80TG0DPZ




L=I[O=4


+)['(#3FSA
U-A@T




M'G46(C.4P5M%I0C*X&6=4@1:XY694@1:XRV54@1:XUV14@1:XPV
0F0*!GA_
MM10!`[Q%6HK@=_!N9F7L#K?J4(M


;;]!;U&
MB^O[[CUSU6



`4$L#



M937]^[-X2*:3ILTN^^Q478K5]%O13#^M?_[I\;VJ7YMC4;03J'!I5M-CVUZ7
M\WF3'XMSULRJ:W&!_SE4]3EKX6O]





MF%$H
2<QPD3X'#/`N9K=3JQMUF;KQ[IZG\`*@/EKKIE<3VP)M;1*
MZLE&M_^3#?2219YDE=44EBXHTDO?5F#3(_S+]`?.<9LAC&
1J0Z0C:#++MU
M@9T+`N8`R-#P3_`;1D%4E+#VBC@9ZGPS+5$3IEZP([%Q`60#A`[_T`#K(*
MK!TBC4\G?J-B..AO](MH2&I#+$!LAL@PD8(-U@5/X;K+*:\M@:M\\.O(-
M!MTC9T(,N0&R&R#1@@Y6
PVN=L[GEXZ
KCCH)^]082NIIR2DV03ML.D-T`
M$39A@RS
W[(

MLA`=.R(+TD1N^YL@


M51E@(:


MLVD(4H@2D;XWGHAR2=)8:)RPO1K?#MSW46:[*_YZ
WD]$05I/9(%BV-'64$J

M2=#L;4D4A)*$BR!P#$F0.I2(--CQ1)0=$R+&H:U%XCP_Y1ADV+RS+!*!2$
M)]SW!LN=5*)


M=2(-=3P39;^$B3%I2Q1G)E-Y@.9V,O$Y/7MI2`MN=AXBXX02K1]I*..IZ)

#%.W3


M['K@+%@


\NI-7OG!



JQ9N.#MMCGC7<`R]6;P0G*HJE9_D0\P=^3K_P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`)QRM_4I!0``4Q,``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T


K<SOD2NS^OGE\IS\@(23\6Y:#\Z4=
H
M\R`]5JS.GL[@]SMQL[S7[EZ0?%GD-6O8H9V`G4ZBGWV+=\I?5R7X`'/.Q&

A-[QI5R=H8.


MV%($GKT(F=B+&9EY_T+%E2KPEJ@=^.KT+^NZ_4]O[$M6?S1=?U&PWGLB$\

4I
!7(_%YV=


EJRQU]`FD



MCYE_/..Q/7C7OWRY7F9O9=-6]6UCD+EIS
I;41^JVVEC_/DY_K0T9FV7WP[Y



K(S%
M=MTGZ*^J?&^E_\_:


M?0U5XJDF^\%DR`4B$2(Q(@DB*2*93)2
P);S`S)53:&!7O$*UM:Q6_XT8?
MI60P&5*2(1(C$B2(I()A


)DI4




5]R#R$5@.Y2JU45=OV.1

F;@CT[;5?OB
M]33\V;YG57TX#I!N#SPBCH6[SZCJ2X@HR
QLCRB5[0DF`'^UIB:E`1$I/L;G





^'R?)-!
ML$2E?#MR-C?4QO8%(U\VV4XFD^N(Q(@DB*2(9(CD(I$`O])^2=J*QT&Y:Q
ML`1<V=\-,[H7DLED@DB
2()(BDB&2*Y2*20PXFAN1^+1#CT7,^XPTC\G;@
MR;'83D9\6(1(C$B2(I(AD@N$LE1R



13W&A-+)YHY0-AEQH5P4DGRWX.@1G:?]R&Q.9GJLRY=-Q.&$_S&

MU8#+Y)*


^:A220T+:H
=#PIHFL9@H4HIIH8:$68G%-`WDA1E;%+EP
MD$WUY3B*5L*LG*M6RI$]U6K&M0):*;[CNB@JXJ3DJ)!.2(C*?]MU6#LE!HLB
MN7X\90%M+69U37O$D'L]FF*&?&MTT'4\;X$BA812+)0QY+$U92\6@;(7Y
S$



MC=`WTML;^O._J;I#M:U.IUXKVU=R
P-)7R\G3*^--EX(S3

ZU


M+S=(?8@HR-0
BRGY\0D:`)]*%#)K0$2\G_G_]W7'=NJV:Q9MF;J@NO09KU



MP8\7IVD^UW]`_OI7IL
9^+PQADAT'PFS(2+N(^(T+9'I56#Z
L86=08R!IUK
M6($956#&%9A)!69:@9E)&%L7^SZ7
$T4GX6
0?%95F!6%9AU!693@=F6
W7(
MBEMJP!SVD!HFI(C\`E-D`JO%

:8HC


M*$FGH8Q!:32,2CT8QF#=8R!NE
90S2F15

6_

2&)
$A.2F)+$C3FG+#XM(VFRT36Y[4

MV%`XD]ZP;=
PT.*D2C6X;1T-#U;2S(M)J:8;70S?M$4''TEFTAD:D@8NDV
MO]&S9U=D9(1F-/(`C7%=AKH4KI$3;'@U3%ZH+:BS[.FD0V-L$T';.Z5]YE[
MGV\JX]HR`Y!-W@=$H5/WYC&P9TN!V\E=XV,WPS\^T(MP.PE^#B'8*9EQS

MO\-M'\K+_P```/__`P!02P






MW?I



C3P]WCEB)0:1\=FZ?[



M:=/NJ`/T_]%^JTJ#




M^C=D0GE1F;`QKQPJ8F#L*V%;5*$H`Q!%8(Z!($T@
L;)J&OR%LY856`U8`






_570-E





M!U`1:41J2-W.&9(`O8&-I3)M/
\UN`GV5^$
K!O)W+4Q(%`O#S5.VN^E!GD
M]3!'5!@439V2*0=8A4WK`3,QP1KRF-4XBL8]JLD3JQ5FS_4!@42)^5B+K=6
MGL2QR-=&

MJ!(M\%C:-$IHD_/V^.`XE

FNGC0Q+-DBPXFDACHAWQ8E+RSYMA']J:U*$M4)H&
M14H:]+
EF@8=RXT9JRSM;.ZG9F#!TE;15


M@RC


*CFC.P;J1!

+X1'RK#
M1*.


MJ*?W9\L(/$]

.(M7+U4!ATZZ=Y8(9J]]'TPA0U/7^ZZM\V
U


M(A=

IXC*A5BI$-2*!

\6P$FO&-
MN:T%'0O9:#QWNM4O$NC?B^^;XW.3-[O=:;1IOZJ7!&AE?;CKL7Z#896F]`I#


OU9-DO$)WCI8EW;C!*W0?:*GN\N`5NJ%
M;8921?=(J,W0E8(Z,/C]T91Z-E2H140]HU^ZX??3K^:HS=`5^LDM1G*#?T`
M@=H
75E%-+[T6RG\GE5$`TF_&QJZ0D-)O[@9ND*#2;]
H2N3OBSH':'7]7/S


MU+9G^X?Z@O[]LH?_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`4TABV]L``!.```



-E2

:)-XT1-[:0^:(`WS


R-:06!7#.9PG\R+2_



M.2YX;6RL7-MN(DD2?5]I_P'Q/H:Z@`'9'K7KEBGM2JO5[.XSC;&-VA@+Z
O\

M.3SMWE_NQ__YK?YE

(
M



M



J3H0KJU4$BED%HAC4*
0BQ'HA6!S?X7-(++`M
'-C3;$W))
M
.C2DG0AW9(HI%)(K9!&(48AEB/1DL`\XTO2/X-I&+C@5CF]XD=$8+YT:Y$M

MD8K&J+H@6HQ:)6JZF`N)3!=$B2Q/%&F'5N7:_5%P
M\3

6=/]

YLC.Q1S!8%+L@F/%'N&*%5)Z9!'.B4HAM6(U*L8HQ')6I`IV

-D%II[)B`NGJ$!L`I$HXF6


J\1`342
4J5=$
MHXDV(L:=[WR
*5'(CDT]OYW/QRBUEZFD@V=\:\LG8L6\])#F;\U=W=S
?*]H?F#YT5Z.)!B%&M!354USG?/Z








MT4;$:-O#BU#2

M]R\``FGH-#J/H3Q7^I[GBA='F
$KBZ(-8(;6+C1F05!HWY*@$%4A%/4]Y@K$


MA:@*H:CU%;'11*.)EJ)Z6K_'[

MRH7;/9OG62ZLAR5:S[+\E



P2%5UXAY$K5W15K.T_$T#L-02&708C^;)DNX
011LL2K6=9




^G68+




'XB-)AJ$

6+LE&B:)_
G;
:/`;;:+$J:
W(5U@%/SM@/26
TTVAR^ND_L


@$^4K^+PM

BXT9^L,+<<W=BN1X/^J=U

;XA5#S`X%@L*&
3L8
_-EI!W0L7NOA+WS-
M4'4Z#Y!N#R(B@86''S'J2W`49!:V1Y1*7



-IH'P?.A%TGCB^#YT(L,ZO8L+@8BNVZ


'6.0@BRL0SL921@50&
AG(9X`!)G`GH$X^P0FB0IQ@
40










V:P_0^'7DA'E`0

=D%7]RPR?Z


R





X



A:IA19MS


I
M)-99XAE=XF(P




UFH(CBF3SG5/`&<YW<JLE#-C99M;B#7,0J9#S0
M:@EK

M:4'#SM`Q=DM).R;1L$(%6LWG_5Y+@R29L2R7DJAR&J#:2:'TCV13I/V8P:


M63%@^LF[EKM1K
K&L]8-:U04S7-XT=MK4;^X6VI:Q9K]80+9N4[8M
/3@!
MQ]@MF\'1)*=`*^A1!BJE8V4@&U\M'1MCY6DU2J\YRWTA9%1W[K)JB/44T:G1

AJQ&:86^9+^8)DR(-F17-EM*

-#DX3R=
MS4)V5]J0F=.






VB=12D8:HF.</.3*TN&Q


M#C#?3KKZ2S`]3=\Z[





V4

B4I)5$FB&B'SLFH1!:)V
M:(C63L#NDC)CY=:.=B2]1D
AO

A7/9//\F6H*J0W:&J$3)4
*2*R&G-LS_9
8_7.%?7MX:K/V
W0PP_A8GGJWN]8]QV!6X[UJINQQ8#G$EA2M]68LK<[C2


M6?W7OI[A-W@M?&TT4#??CUUW

$%``&``@`



6]A_

M!W6QGP\?29`1?SA^N.\


6C]4=F4:Q,(32`R@=@$$A-(36!C`IDC




7%B+-


F
MW?FZ6[_B=VDE0DNI?`%)^0V'')GH3+Z0-UGVIS_I
^LOX?DB%I;T&
C6&].
M`K



M^969SU@.V_Z(9UF^9VY9H5!7RQ%=
.8L3^Q^[LSW+*-I2X24S%TJH)L#W7`6


M
7@;=

SA\/G]^<=@NA]-SB\_O*L#



`%W*?/'VT
S



M0.9`%D60%9`UD`V0+9`=D#V+O&:BZ;#$YK+6/O-U9!!G=,WS04D`A(#28D

M_?WZ2'

MNKU2AD/55V9L-6B3G


PGXBE3(2J4Q+C8*A

M0#I69-&PWXZNV*()K17;?CP8J
M4@EHI:F6
S`7]SP_!^&HP4L


M*]
D
%ZN0(M4?R%['5@KZC_M&%8#:8VO%*)$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J$
T1



M+AF+%9]ZPDBT4D:^EMZD%O6RAF)5H&H9.3+JTW2JQ8?LZH(\HF877[\ILR



V%7V:9(+:+=9E;++.*MY?%H%%RI'I^SDIQ$P4C$2Q2O
2!=]QOD

]3-9N2CQ
M616

M6?!/V^ZI(YB\L$7#2LRI9B99OQYR%5LUY?7[M)<[4O2.8O7Y?EM
MH5



M*%8I.TH%
W3



I-/$%E$W[0RSS0'%(64-Z669

R_`#3)#I9WVPY&ZA
Q
_$VZ

5G4W;*]36






U=:6










M642K[K95Z9EG?^Z8A:T5-V*$*$:4($H198AR1`6B$E&%:(YH@6B):(5HC6B#
M:(MHAVCO(;]=S=;5ZY


FHQ99
M[

%LD%4!)_]K!:EMX.[)]777W6*K%5`N=MK




V&35P#


M;F?FCLI8K8Z6
2MDIS)O&S?-


^



U%8=]O3T







$%``&``@`





TDM<@W;?/X[VS_?



MGOZ.U_6F2-$[^
_O*%O2V$5]Z1_HZ.;PIA0H-MZ'LWZGR_'N_H9!PN]`\^
MV]%X)#PVW#^\Q_$()CPFW#^\!T7S2


RT*?WZX

PMRPH+2@LJVH+&@M:SH+MA;L`G!.
MH1WC2UW__Q%?)^/BRY&Y9B`!GYE@L@6[9!;D%A06E!94%M06-!:T%G06;W8
T?HV!O$P6.I37WNA8







A6(V/9F5FG:A1J


6*'3-&?3_W:T;NT6+5AW2Q
M.H/1.IZ
94J4J8S




AYW&6

M5D58'6%-A+41UD78-L)VFNGXNM)A0GR'2D/=K#R2P9@F@#)$.:(48FH0E0C
M:AUB#I$6T0[A73\7/$P(7Y#K:'BY\N/A;K;SV!\#F9!(98E(PKO0.:^G(L5
MC^L42DHT%J8];82*]:J$360BV3=[1BQ5J=0CK
KE8(P_Q+E5@R5!PJ^KXN


M52-CH7ER%?[/3+4:99M10F3;D;&LN;R.=?JAI2



6$B'&DF%5

M85:NU#W*ILX(GRUD$99'6!%A9815$59'6!-A;81U$;:-L)UF.K[3*BX*+`S9
M`86!2[U9R+((RR.LB+`RPJH(JR.LB;`VPKH(VT;83C
RA*'YI9*)

M5-PUJ^!M=#ZM'NG-34#\XQZ*8ZW47P*Y!W#G75&DI[E'HWUR,QDB@7[2(96
M,A*9RLK`$POEHP?(M&+I6(FK?#()&FF7U.QXE&;

KT;
%.
MDF25C$2G`IV9N277RDE'9%H1


J$)6(*D0UH@91BZA#M$6T4TC';UJF38^:(7Z2
M0@=#:6'6R]1[JN0PPO((*R*LC+`JPNH(:R*LC;`NPK81MM-
QW=:ICW'3-NC
M
'!IA&41ED=8$6%EA%415D=8$V%MA'41MHVPG68ZF-

CYHC*/5/X_,L[_ER;D!0J5HY/<**N1
ML99(C7J-*./Z+0C&W7
F.Y8J!]




MW

:-3N$XQ.NHSVJT;%&?U(=35=)A7G#
M\2TM]Y4T.^L'U']Z04O;
N47OX!)L?7GE.ZZM


U190ARA$5B$I$%:(:42



7P*(AR








6\`L*N=I
M/-+3!BZG8\]PVHSGYN;OVHR;6RQ^VM=A36P6]9Q-IGE*!4KOM;,([J+C$,M
M]VPU/'1:+UTT[0W&GT]ZN!3QHUTU.-+(=N-@?F9?]5.SC@WC
AUG-ZKE2EW


48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:(.T1;13B$=4KL]\
J0Q'V`U8#P


48ZH\
AUMR0_]G%&
M*59\QLHC^B8%(=U`5V9
:*`S-QG9@%0#`64K0#FBPB/30)
:EV(E#1SD8PUT




MR!!UJ0U;X-XQW$GPZ/B&=
Z.X=`8S\B=7KY)JU):.@PVFWUE:?!Y9;#YO!Z0


YV.ETBA=T6]!F/6R4D(Z`C:E
MM%7MV]8.S#3=NU3I/F'&A]V'$MN3N81[^]&]@QS]@H'QWZ8/.B-$*SJTO[



A[YR1$=BG4)?W=JX;Q:A#WU&CJXM
MUEWTN2XZ$@L_?=B*KCIVA%YZL'%O-<#STL?-G7TR#5=VW7TVE(ZXK[MA6H9
M'7'?G(L=N:(C
1_Z6MVFB!ZA;]=MW'?G4(V^#D9'8FKTQ;J-^]87^M[!3?N
MQ7=XA%XQN'$O$(P=H9Z+^M#;!3?NY7?H0^\`V5Q'(YK2$?=N_3)Z(A[MT?L





M$7^^\MQUL`*-=]K!4_IR^

MS)!PH_=,IJ,(4$D0R1'I$D1*12B1826


D1*1`I$:E4
9DSQZ.[?[3KF,;OR5_`]BUV%Y&-'3_&5']9T3UGY$(
MAF#T/_-+3`;C4;_$2D0*1&I&+'X#SOX__:?:.C^

MP!A[:3`Z+Y!

/A1Z1J?*.8%E`&^HQXB`

M9Z&9FI6FK
TICQ1

M&V.K-4*W\[B5.D
C/;R)M!&=3S'*

HQ*C`J

M@5&)4:4AW3]2=4SWCU@;:Q!#RK*;D(
Q6DHY4C;BO%6)*W$P.=8JY!6RJID
MKAVEM!):E::E1X%4*4H4OFN/]GBIHPX^0THD$FZEH)0CV*?)(=6R34D#X4N.
M90IIQ66,C:4!D*FTF3TD)!Z1@G)!U.=53_:LN0XFCB(91RY+ERO\TL+,=-
MXM9:6&5UE3WD=0LBH]DV*?MQ:S8T=QER-B+0W
QYU;J7FQIZ..]F%F%K`8)


M8'&S0&9#RE&LA@:M*IG0=]D
LJU86+N8I%T:VL%ZY7O&2EMIXGI$22VIK%EF





M&FJ)#_WZ!O^HM3ZV'$7@YKB41;&Y)W
K=4^V-?31(8);K7U:U'IAX!H;0XZE


DYPMA
.(JUG%L;I\N$


ME\854:5U7`^HM8:5YY!I53-\HX

M!K:7^[L1B\]__


M%J

_%CZV`WP@1@]H1[A@\`&



K85(PF'P..9;W^RNC([JS(Q`NW
PR#_

M7^T/=\]?[AYWS]L/UW]O]]?_^OC?__7^U^[EC_WW[?9P!0K/^P_7WP^''Z.;








`3-<*+-0:H`9]OOQ@87NW%


28+
TT8V8D$N02%!*4$E02U!(T$
M4PEF$LPE6$BPE&`EP5JC0-N(#Q=C&!N_=B9&1

M!+D$A02E!)4$M02-!%
)9A+

3(P'KG#)IT

M6I&-2[R@P1S^3P3-R

;-+1J=BEIGTD5-D5R10I%2D4J16I%&
MD:DB
T7FBBP462JR4F2MR


2*A6
V=6=$0AM7R.L!
M$.O!QR)-.RH*=3&V@^U)8F[P1ST

MG+0_B

M:Y&Y)6#L]'[5)`NTBF`#U(V1*!)MLD1U;N^5)5Z8E/@:C6R;A'$:)?V@+Z;$
MC:OM]23H`A?T)&/M]R1+
O?*
M%L8VL3.7.&(KDE01*VH7T71\



9U



M1\&[.!CT^V*2*
/R'$G3='1*,\B2*U!RC(C95*0JQ4:5@$&1A(BI5DQ]+-818








R(=EYH189H$(
M
A+FIY&R)R_)@T56A%ADC0C;!NXDQ^*W#AMR:G7\*)MDV?D[A]#FUMR=`R)O
M;*O

M-U9J+'25B%L&.5.=T9N;'2G!`K+1#]=HBKS.5*BZP141


M&)2$6*D22D$Z#)YVZ8F/Y9J+'4E*12^[.-*!7'AQGYL

LL2`8'9CA(

XCHD#TX;\6BD_XB9K=D'$C;G8M5LD1K@8EV/S`V03

C:S6$6&MZEM:
'%EK3HBU%HAPB
;P
R



*J



2



5IYG=AJ#7@$YV@UM
F

CEFE$WF\Y!NH(B59.WYD0XC1*C@A^

+\EO1/&ZRVI
M3QBQ17(=%BOH&
V\'F4]8;VCZ\W1BFY0]$)ONR-_*5*P*$^G1]H5R^$^69$C

MF:






+]QO;GGD

N(G#NN]D6J]A6

M@^MMD([





S/=H#'G`:


MA?=ZP()W??5UMSO0/TP!W?NF/_Y'`````/__`P!02P


M!\G65H_0M67_\GK^5)'V#!3/=5./'XS4==HJ_7+L2%\^-Z#['45E);G9RX2^


M_\YP(I=?^GK_6]UA&&WPB3KP3


*



Q`=BM[)J;(5L5HG1


VTV0?((4.F*H@8'3U=R?;338+%D@2[5F
MMA-D-T'R5+HB%$?N*_7QQO6C#;D\517+QGA&\*-ND-H3+Q=40ZS;(Z@/J)

MD7C!FG#@(WNV\-_#\I!95P5!,AJ&3D/FON,-HSG\3(QIV&A$QN8/8^+H@&
MFX(X$E+-;QL09'LB?I]?!:D


$AZY.6`.X12)`
M=T+ER+'(1=1=)W0B4P3=(C41_ZI](;'/Z@9Q`RZKN(DFK@DHG27.!1=&W8N
MZ&.^V%$8Q='FK2%B+EE$]TG_[-L=GJCD476O?(@[IS4Q`]@^5#\.)MU,
M1&?=X0@0F%B=\K8#=-I)OG'8E?R9D=K._W;GH`LGJ=@*Z\/@7^=6*G]A;
MW!_Q%C?-X%3DE5Z;EM!3%


M`/__`P!02P



M6G][W#_=?+Z'Z_XKB&]N2;O[AY)_N+M]VC_OO[X

MN8
K


[NV_<7'<5V0N
M;/KE[VSW?`LMC*#





M5(K4BC2*S!59*+)49*7(6I&-(EM%6I=X08-%X9\(FI&!W1!
VAR0R=@/R34:



J




=RRU:3&RLUA%AI+I1@#HU$IUEHKR4AUEZ1$/3D

MW%B60[MWY*%M$8Z=W$`.4HQ211:J23$XZ!A./@711$D[$8436Y\3!L+'2
M7C%PTDJMI0+[;4DQ-HK1

(H



MVH^Y2=N=/LY#F^5S








MY4GJ*[2CN5T$=RK;\Y27^+5E3[)![&Z5!N$%I/WN];)NEU1M^R.3)O9K'H

M4'-

MC@B/VVDPL4)IR`GUBD)L4Y%.M#O7H]738ZLU1!BK?E)6@MR9*TE(=9:G:2U
M)D?6VA!BK2UIV0S=@;9JR:G3\:-N4D)G1-UFD$/UJOK$)-*QU/O9
5GV(P0
MGT=S1'BLA:#K(QR6QCJEUJF$3C:B*QY34ZLTQ#B^LQ]G?%XJ$YOJCI++;-
M!!D)\]B*[
EK\NZ;`AQ7;:(L&W@SG,LOC31DE.GXT?9I,'.B++-FGE1[G-K
M/(Y4YCU$(^ZN&2'NKCDBRJ2ED+:2J=.W%BI)
1*E50:CB*YVZC)C94:0JPT
M%TIA

MO*A'YZ7E.G
_+8=(I.5$8G!&5MQ_








M0XAUMF_JM.34Z?A1-\FXTU=S.





M23*=
3_:G)1[VH%OAW81XX:?:91IE&M4:%1J5&E4:]1H--=HH=%2HY5&:XTV
M&FTU:CWDQ^*\K%*DLTJ(G'L1

MOQE



M_4
_HK'?9F*G
D

L+8QB(C$/)





N/PGC'1E0H6.MJV?:5(NB)II[B:&!:7

M:IFC%:[


MIE&&R%N+B3FK9Z%=2XTJ\G378F*.6N.Y^NWAG54.M
=):[%YP%PL0HA
^)QM



MO@N6X7[LSB[8IJC


W3T^JUU])9A-*-E.`K4



M``#__P



6V?59D


MS\-PBPVCK\^HK?H5OJ$K?'/$75L-\+$[&?VM0]5A=&HOAFV:OM%6S56G#''W

/W



I#*
M08#N0P4,E`N`%L1PW;@9/@XQKF^29.4*V+?#N!*8:UHS:VOS#R19/]9#*%
(\1@Y7_&.(7<3%HX@2-JL9^,N%NB(*F9`J2

+'HR+&
M8E04\?PY*@5)*.*#L'.*[4!

=;G'PP_6`?/(S:+PWH&^D%P#T9V.+NA/:H\NEUVK\1G[<0]:W
MZPFF-P\[+X:AXX`&?=C&%M4/`EBF!94/`]B:/XJGH0Q]%
5S\





M



MY^I2]3\&4EVKRS`_-;@MGB\0][OE%B7G'EX4^KHJ6]SA8[\`.H-.5(UY9:P

+#CPAU)2@*



MD

M@4(F'@^4&(N!

Q*HIX_A25

M.*2M(AM_YQSYG$

C








8]W'(




N

8*
7&B9M\K&=2*DFPI

`!Q0)65#L

MP%5C3)B-!^46Y9JK)CMA(G082&H@F8PH4F`CZ%)H'_C!5499UK8727%'@;:(

M*%#=IX/F1JK(7-DF!S#3MT9R-Y`4@/)9$2)#TK\?'S46(V/(VI*?6V)R.1

MFY#RJ*%S!!ZBG41!H&5;&(EL&TAJ()F
*&H0-




MT\P4=E4B':P3$K^1Z_?FDMS(^7B6-3(HH.V
O9%=#K!OSAJW9[S#5=59!7FE


%[L@P
M?'&[]$!X(J0??]`7B%NWS3\```#__P


=4*;JZP+]^WEW-

0-OEE]_+`\







`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0!J98R#M1

P+GAM;*Q=



HTRI(

93.=2)ZK8'3*
ME6227#&(XXAP!17`72FWHICT9.P9QU]:!83703W5*9.
XK3.((XC@B`\?S]!
M
I8$`[)(*=X:I#.(XXA@@X/%V5#SF*)$!S8/6D72#


.?1`#3K.'F5K9JM?&F9A(XO
MRT3EUJH*5O`S9:R:;--#E6:%B$GK&2HJ(


M^



@2R6JJK[QEJTPSR%4N

U!$C.V$A.AG#^MA3H+.0%)3@6)J:K)3;X^^^[+FV.K

M;)7C:C5&6$D?!FG
V&I
@`J5\F

*580;%6
M3D2$_5S%CKJFK/Q1842E(&'-4R4/1%J'&RRF$UD!-6T@52!.;F:/?ZP<D

M@T'J
[$G.!%B4;509R$G(
EID-1

MI3ZG$W)B!29`@F9OQ:`N6DF::H_OHE6!IA*8?L/D2__XM'WX=;6#]SBN!?IC
MW.?K[_Y-K.X$B%%M+=1%#_`@JS.?UVT*K!7(E9@B9.21#-I53SPJTD/T2:




MW7HP5+#]!`*LXJ9&VTXG'NUX+:TFWP2=7
5#HY






KB%S$++1TM-V=7
U&6?5;0Z62AA);;'SM-B])R`9*BH
MJS.'3F]19T$#V*8Z0J)0YFH+V6:KR*FSD!.0I$F]__TT@U)PF@'*^=/.#-19


8\$*
M#^&GV[V2LA*=





D-VWS4NR@LH:*-5^&?^3N62;F2J/
F&-.\E@Y]91RBG5&NASD).0)*3TAK??2;^/;K!^6%:)Z$B






3SB]CVKJZ

]-92`2

BK5U825I


AC!Q3


8'
4L3(X9CSS$5
VKZS*US
0L:(6(6
-ZE

8QQ8QT


X.!


LEF


;CD;EF$J=F[^!)
MFAKC#D\X)CWQWR%@GIRIN/C9`A[CB&46;66QKH#A(U_?/U/RGQY@S'P27W99



_M5U-@2.GNW#)]N5F
K&D
+*


V'F$


$VSX[1


M8^0Q[GH5Q\ACW.4ICE&%X-Y



M(:OP^I0=P7M_B%LQJV:(#EZ2*\U!5N%5M=((XH8WP`HC8W#K/ZVA-&XUP?'I





`FIA)?]!JY@!(%7J-]@%@&TQ-RMP*N]Y


W+GAM;*Q8R8[C-A]!\@_+JWM5$K;`_:U@I




MDL#STPN`?IH6`

6?[
M1\F&+&.21\RRTF%AD


``$68EH+)^@A*8!2O!8M@PXJ-),R66376`82&4AE().!7`8*


1X-]3HEB2SR2R)@B0*DBI(IBY@A0\(D@


4$\
M$/::8ML74YS
1BS%J4*4S38WB/+9B!$5/)$0.QXZE?-L@4_H\=A4SYL.U@LG

V3W

`L&X_L5FZQ%R2CD
M\$UA^U+P6V9U;:^8061XQI-/0B$O(!KY*#M(!!#29G?E2ICT)4JIQ#R97G

MJ0FV%K6ZYC=FT#6_85HJ01.X#FNHHGE*E


MA(1:^:01[
!T0B2_NZ4J548ACBJ7J#S3
ZU0FOL*@4J4!8]IGS_K8`PB;0O
M$T@J(GO6WRC`8Y`1%(*`*D;P_!'X0(3M9:E*E5&(H\H91*D\S_+=4KK

M`5S%







MUTT_I`MO[T]/-_UH
IVYJ4_=[Z^_&TW_W/B@*7RB:)7!+Z
MZ9+

71S]=7#BYFHW'H\GL-Y&4MQDV_;SHBA
71S]=7/Q
MTY=(/UL+QC.QL%X8NKTSCW2&ZT9*?UL`S]2F[F+HY\N+OI030.R4'-!\XN+
M#*]&X7@Z:Z;TG:$&



J'!M]:A@JGIF:;BP

M2*E(I4C=):(^-.T7U

M#'JC7%`
HY;%L(1V5/@@5B1I2==0




MXKG=OKL#F4BO2!9YKO7VTM@TDA0H7'LVD'?*9FU(=6`&)%V@7.O2VW4V&M)_




Z0NZE6D^_QY=T5+QFQK9AD+4R/48PD:A-Y=Q

C$HRJ`WK3NN=L-O-NM

M

B!6+8'8

M

[G'F)^S-?&Q/R\







O(VYSAR*I[

M



@_VF3#[C]/^E2:*GNO:G^A9KN;7)WIV;T./LPS-6^QAOS_A'S2B
M0?LTX.W_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`!9J`]$('``#5'0``&0```'AL


RYX;6RL64UOXS80O1?H?S!TCRU2GS;B+!+9
M;!=H@:+8MF=%EF

='SJ.IVT]?3\?9

MZN:Y/91E-X
*YW;M';KNLEHLVN)0GO)V7E_*





_;R3$0O1MFB5^/9K8K]_G+L?NS?ONU

3N3]G



0_C&$8C
ATA%X


%A*%!MH@,6<+.(N.#I3E]?#*8CD\ASK2G=/XR#+*FW:3I
M);]52#C0$G86&3*#L\WT,??1=-`(P:Q:B\5MH#IH&-%&0\.\;A$*DWYM\#2-
MG34G=%)?A_*09CAY;3!EG=`\]9P]($1GWWE^IH.LV==0?YKL-]06H3!5/$(_
M3)R^+'167X@2D8XXG8CR3T)$0500=Q4Q#+(%,7EZ3K88A8*P($ACQST%*42)
M2/^;3@3=TE9$0421T&DG&<,@6Q&3-Q!1$K@B3@W#F\%*)
I%F-YT)6J/-


B$Y
W
%&0[EIQ$BR7(TWL2I2)
MM






M01+I




M;.^-4G5?ELUAYN`Y
[;'7G_]WER



3U?2%L\7





MH%`^00G*0I40


0_(Y(BDD_T3H&R;$P')O1L

:#&0^1BQ#N.






M!3N@J
T=AY0B4E*]%U:S*A*0

T1AX+AY#JLZK&`T)#V+ZYOXY6C=&B)3I4*OXDJ$QD





MB9.@`HZ`-NV_WVN

5M5Y)F;:+9W#1P
M4Y!#V9S6YM\_X@??-+H^;PYY11J\-M]Q9W[;_/[;ZDK:Y^Z






MJ










M=4(X&.KXHQL^@@_Z%ULWA&
3X)9X





MI$=-
)8-_7PP4AMJRWC;^<.]\6Q@;K?


M(M$-%^O5*@C7$7S^068@
N$I
Q\GP*^L4'C*A


%RI!H1Z2CB%C'1
D5Q&M$IBUGU`)9=G97J2H


M@V1:-D%R%=&T@RFJ]OD]4RY8&JP+%
AFG/WI!
DF2*XBFAH8Q^?5T&!=#4=\



8.UXN(UB2KIIV




(8N@
0F'@4)VQ;
M-_`TBM

^#.F`!WDVMQ1K\5_;GNB-6@$YBU9'MXSV\W_&7`5W82/^(!;B7L

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````````````````)2144O#
!2%WP7_0\E[FV8=
D*;





MO)H5Y?--/Q5WWZ[ZO49GY2Q;5J6ZZ;^KIO]C]/MO7EQ7*U7K0C4]HB;F_Y


MT%-X.IF0Y


D[F@(O_:!RX3(^G
M@LMVOVU==M96;$%H1I!^=)U@:4L7Q-Z=!H6+.NY0%S^
!WO?293?W1YXJ;LQ



`4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`#4Z

`@``P````````````````_
M!```7W)E;'









``&L)```9````




M+0`4``8`````$`



M``@````A`.36%STD`P``6@D``!D`````````````````WF

M:&5E='





M%``&``@````A`#K^)&)#$```][````T`````````````````'(P``'AL+W-T






`

M+.C0

``&L
```9````````




M
2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`=R7?9%($``$$0``&```````````````


O

YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`HC\0T#T)```D
P``&0``````




M2P$+0`4``8`````$`(C@:A*H``#`!@``&0````````````````!ZH0$`

MJ`(``



$!`'AL+W=O






M970Q-YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`R41BV'H'``#/'P``&0``````````


&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`.<R25@R$```\U8``!@`````````````````,2P`'AL+W=O



M!0``4Q

M+W-H965T
33/0E!@``S(``!D`````
M````````````G&<`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='





M=#0P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`*62DE[PL``!HX```9````````````


JQ7T?0``
MIR@``!D`````````````````%=``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



MQ`F.R@0``)


M`````````````````*




O


S






 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_DeferredTaxAssetsAcquiredInBusinessCombination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventorySupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsIssuedFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NumberOfSharesIncludedInOneUnit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_CashPayableForExecutionOfRetainerAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NumberOfStockToBeIssuedInExerciseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsExercisePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfPlacementFeePayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfCashCorporateFinanceFeePayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NumberOfWarrantsPaidToPlacementAgents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinimumPercentageOfLiquidatedDamages'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MaximumPercentageOfLiquidatedDamages'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfWeightedAverageCostOfCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionNoncashFinancialOrEquityInstrumentConsiderationSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockDividendsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfOwnershipInterestOfStockHoldersAfterAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfOwnershipInterestOfStockHoldersBeforeAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfFullyDilutedOutstandingShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NumberOfCommonStockToBePurchasedFromSharesOrWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfPreferredStockToBeIssuedToPlacementAgent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRateMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRateMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedForfeituresRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NetIncomeLossPerShareLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredDividendsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PrepaidExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValueAddedTaxReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PrepaidExpensesForInvestorRelations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IndexedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IndexedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRevenueExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRevenueExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRevenueExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRevenueExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRevenueExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfRevenueFromMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingNumberOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsGrantedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsForfeitedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsExercisedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingNumberOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingNumberOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AverageRemainingContractualLifeOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsAndRightsOutstandingNumberOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AverageRemainingContractualLifeOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PreferredStockFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_DividendCashFlowProjection'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IndexedCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ComponentsOfFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_CommonStockEquivalentValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_DividendFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IndexedCommonSharesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PreferredStockFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WeightedAverageCostOfCapitalPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentExcludingConstructionInProgressDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationSegmentAllocationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsAdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationConstructionInProgress'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationInvestmentsNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesCustomerAdvances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AssetImpairmentChargesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AssetImpairmentChargesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AssetImpairmentChargesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AssetImpairmentChargesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedContractualRightsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: -1in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 1in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 % of the equity interests of the Taizihu Group for cash consideration of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (RMB <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
).&#160;&#160;The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the purchase method of accounting.&#160;The&#160;Taizihu Group&#8217;s results of operations were included in Deyu&#8217;s results beginning February 2, 2012.&#160;&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AreaOfLand'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_FiniteLivedContractualRightsPledgedAsCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_FarmlandUseRightsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_UseRightsTerm'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T,E\P,C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W,V0S
M.&5F,35B,#,B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
M
V0S.&5F
35B
#







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U5-34%2
M65]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M+U-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@



M968]
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

04Y47T%.1%]%455)4$U%3E0\+W@Z



M($A2968]


M970^#0H@(`@/'@Z3F%M93Y32$]25%1%4DU?3$]!3E,\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3$]34U]/3E])
M3E9%3E1/4EE?5D%
54%424].7U)%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^24Y#3TU%

M

3U-37U!%4E]3

#I7;W)K<VAE9713
M;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


O4VAE





T0B5V]R:W-H




O4VAE970R







M:&5E=#



O4VAE970S


M($A2968]

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

T0B5V]R:W-H965T






M:&5E=#




M/D%#0U)5141?15A014Y315-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




O
M4VAE970T



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M(#QX.DYA;64^4D5

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@





M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3D%455)%7T]&7T)54TE.
M15-37T%.1%]05-)4U]/



#I7;W)K
M<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE




O4VAE





M93Y04D5004E$7T584$5.4T537T1E=&%I;'





M4D]015)465]03$%.5%]!3D1?15%525!-14Y47T0Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@



&-E

M;64^24Y404Y'24)


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H
M965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4TA/4E1415)-7TQ/04Y37T1E=&%I;'-?5&5X

T0B

54%424].7U)%
M

#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-C<N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M='



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-S(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



M/E-(05)%2$]






M-S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC




M3F%M93Y32$%214)!4T5$7T-/35!%3E-!5$E/3E]$971A:6P\+W@Z3F%M93X-

M3E-!5$E/3E]$971A:6PQ/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^4TA!4D505-%1%]#3TU014Y3051)3TY?1&5T86EL




O4VAE970X
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



M7U!!4E197U1204Y304-424].4U]$970R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M:&5E='

M4D503U)424Y'7T1E=&%I;'-?
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K

M=W


E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
M
V0S.&5F
35B
#






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S




]



]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD
M97@@2V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
#`P
30V


]




]









T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP


T1T;W`^06UE

]
T1T



]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`S

]




T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@1FES8V%L(%EE87(@1F]C=7
\+W1D


]





]




]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


E\P
C!B
M7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#

M

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!A;F0@







T1T;W`^06-C
M;W5N='


BPS

S


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U+#

C(L


V
RPR.3@\



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97


]



]


M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C4T+#



]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#0T



]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L-C$T+#0Y

]
M

]



T1T;W`^26YT86YG





]

]



M
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L





]
T1N=6UP/C
P-2PW
M




]
T1R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$T+#





]





]

]
T1T





@875T:&]R:7IE


]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L

M1&YU;7`^


PV,3@L,C8V(&%N9`Q
M





]
M


2PR
C4L





]

]
T1N=6UP


T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R;FEN9W
\+W1D/@T*


T1T




]
T1N
M=6UP/C
R+#4T


]




T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97


#(P
M8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P
M

#


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P











T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($$@8V]N

]
T1N=6UP/C(L



M

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]

]






V1A
M930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P






]

T1)1#!%04I!




S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C0V+#
U



]
T1N=6T^*#(P
M.2PS


]

]


T1T

@4')O9FET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





M

]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#$Y-2PU


3DL
M
#

]


]
M


]
T1R974^#0H@



]
T1N=6UP/C
U+#$Y



T1T;W`^26YT97)E

M;G5M/B@Q+#0W-RPS





I
M(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97







\+W1D/@T*



T1T


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
C$R+#0S



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#0U-2PT



]
T1N






]
T1N=6UP/CDQ


]

]
T1N=6T^







]








]

M86QI9VX]



C4L

3`L-3DX+#8P
M

]

]

BPV
30L
3`X/'-P86X^


E\P
M
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#

M;G0]


M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L



]

]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#





]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#



T1T;W`^

#$Q/]T9#X-B`@




]
T1T97AT



]
M





]





]






]



M9&5N9'

]
T1N=6UP






@:7-S

]





M86QI9VX]





]




]





]




]




T1T;W`^3F5T
M(&-H86YG97


3`L.3`W

M


]


]
M

34L.38R+#`W
M

]
T1N




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!$96
N(#




]
T1N=6UP/C0R-BPS
M


2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#
Y+#DW






@:7-S=65D(&9O

]
T1N=6UP/C0U-BPU




V
SQS


T1T


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]






]
T1N=6T^*#4W+#(P


]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^

]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D







]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]
T1N=6UP/C(L
34Y+#DS



]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^


]



]






T1T


]


C8L.#$X+#4T

M/B@T+#$V

]





2PR
C4L



T1T



3`L-C$X+#(V

]
T1T

M7S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)
M1#!%


M4U1!5$5-14Y44R!/1B!#05-(($9





M3U=3($923TT@3U!%4D%424Y'($%#5$E6251)15









T1T


M=&EV:71I97


M9VX]

BPS-C8L


#@R





;W-S(&]N


]

]
M




]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L.3(U
M+#


]

3(P+#@U



]





M-RPR

M1&YU;7`^
3$T+#0P

]
T1P



]
T1R;SX-

M1&YU;7`^




]


]
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-C0Y+#4S



]
T1N=6UP/C
U



3$L
3@R+#
X

]


]


M1&YU;3XH-#`L
S

]
T1P



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#0Q+#@P



T1T;W`^061V86YC92!F



M=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

2PP.3





@1E)/


]


M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
M
3@L





]
T1N=6T^*#DP

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^061V86YC97





]


]
T1R974^

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
3@L






]

@9G)O;2!R96QA



Q
BPY


M97)M(&QO86YS(&9R;VT@8F%N:R!A;F0@;W1H97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]
T1R





M86YK(&%C8V5P=&%N8V4@;F]T97


M9&5N9'


T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!C87!I=&%L(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R974^#0H@





T1T;W`^149&14-4($]&
M($580TA!3D=%(%)!5$4@0TA!3D=%($].($-!4T@@04Y$($-!4T@@15%5259!
M3$5.5%

]
T1N=6UP/C8X

M/3-$=&]P/DY%5!$14-214%312!)3B!#05-((9A;7`[($-!4T@@15%5259!
M3$5.5%



14Y44RP@0D5'


]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0T%32`F86UP.R!#05-(($5154E604Q%





M1$E30TQ/4U5215

M86QI9VX]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#$U+#(V

]



]







V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
M

X968Q-6(P






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




]








'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

M=&EO;B!O9B!#:71Y(%IO;F4@2&]L9&EN9W

@9&ES

M)B
X
C$W.W
@4F5P=6)L:6
@;V8@0VAI;F$@*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[4%)#)B
X
M


C`Q







X
C(P.TII;GIH
M;VYG66]N9V-H96YG)B
X
C(Q.RDL(%-H86YX:2!486EZ:6AU($9O;V0@0V\N
M+!,=&0N(@F(S@R


X
C(P.TAU:6-H=6XF(S@R
M





T0G0TQ%

@3F5W



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

3!P

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


3`L('=E(&5N=&5R

'!T)SX@

X



M=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+CPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E







63I4:6UE

T0G

@


@06-T(&]F(#(P
#0N($EN($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P
M




#M3

C$[*2P@4VAE;GIH96X@2FE2=4AA:2!496-H
M;F]L;V=Y($-O+BP@3'1D+B`H(E-H96YZ:&5N($II4G5(86DB*2P@1&5T:6%N


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-



'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

#`Y

M=&EO;G









M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='





M








#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M



M;V8@=&AE(%1A:7II:'4@1W)O=7`N($EN(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@9F]R('1H

@

T
BPQ


M;F1I=FED=6%L+!F;W(@-3`@)2!O9B!486EZ:6AU+`D(#$L-3(R+#0P.2`H







BPQ.#$@*%)-
M0B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

@8F5T



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

@




M;&4]

M3U143TTZ(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#H@(SEE8C9C

&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52
M+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE





M;&4F(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


CX@


M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE







M:78^1&%T928C



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-R4@8V]L

M;&4]

M:61T:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[












M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0W

CX@/&1I=CY#87!I=&%L/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0T


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

#`P


#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M15A4+4%

M0T%
+4%



M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-#`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CY#
M:71Y(%IO;F4@2&]L9&EN9W
@3&EM:71E9`H(D-I='D@6F]N92(I/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P




M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T



M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



:6UI=&5D(@B36]S
M=!3;6%R=(I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+!-87)C:`Q
2P@

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO






M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I



M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`\


M+4%


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]

[($9/3E0M

M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0T


T0R-B4^(#QD:78^)B

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M=VED=&@]
T0Q-4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q


M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0R-B4^(#QD:78^4VAE
M;GIH96X@2FE2=4AA:2!496-H;F]L;V=Y($-O+BP@3'1D+B@B4VAE;GIH96X@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q-4^(#QD:78^5&AE(%!20RP@
M075G=7-T(#(P+`R

[($9/3E0M

M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B`\9&EV/C$T+#8S.#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,3`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^)B


M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

S`L(#(P
M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V





M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

C(L
M(#(P


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ


M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
30E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0T



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E/B`\9&EV/DII;GIH;VYG66]N


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\9&EV/E1H92!0
M4D



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0V)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-



M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].




M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:

M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]




M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CY4:6%N:FEN($=U86YD=2!&;V]D($-O
M+BP@3'1D+B`H(E1I86YJ:6X@1W5A;F1U(BD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T
M)3X@/&1I=CY4:&4@4%)#+!*=6YE(#(Q+`R,#$Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



[($9/3E0M4TE:



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B





M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^(#QD:78^)B



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@
M/&1I=CY(96)E:5EU9W4@1W)A:6X@0V\N+!,=&0N(@B2&5B96E9=6=U(BD\


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CY4:&4@4%)#+!*=6QY(#(U+`R
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!6


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^-S`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M



@




M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M




T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\9&EV/E1H
M92!04D
L($IU;'D@

#

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ
M


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V





M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\9&EV
M/E1H92!04D

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M(#QD:78^

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M;WEB96%N('!R;V1U8W1S+CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@
M/&1I=CY*:6QI;B!*:6YG;&]N9R!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!$979E;&]P;65N=!

M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M



+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^
M(#QD:78^
RPQ-3(L
3

[($9/3E0M


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0T



M9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z9FEX



M)SXF(S$V


M1D].5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M92!S8V]P92!O9B!C;VYS;VQI9&%T:6]N('-I;F-E($9E8G)U87)Y(#(L(#(P
M



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W
M9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#




T1T97AT

M:7

]


]



M


]
M


]


M5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M3U1%(#(N(%-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)

14%2.F)O=&@[




M


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




M86YY(&%C8V]U;G0@8F%L86YC97


M9G)O;2!T:&4@9&%T97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



3LI+CPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E





M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.U1%6%0M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



63I4




M(&%N9!B96QI979E9!T;R!B92!R96%S;VYA8FQE(&%T('1H92!T:6UE('1H


M='




M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



M+49!34E





T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU
M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@







M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#PO9F]N=#XI(&]B=&%I;F5D(&9R;VT@0F%N

M86EN960@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
34L(#(P
3

M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E





M25I%.B`Q

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B
Q-C`[)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-



L(&%S(&YE




M8V5N=')A=&EO;G


@:6X@8W5S=&]M97(@



2P@
C`Q
M

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


@3F5W




M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@;V8@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@:6YC;'5D92!P=7)C

M('!R;V1U8W1S('1O('1H96ER('!R97-E;G0@;&]C871I;VX@86YD(&-O;F1I





M13H@

#

'!T)SXN

'!T)SX\+V9O



M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


63H@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@





L

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M3E0M4TE:13H@



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

@3F5W


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P




T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1R/B`\=&0@


M


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M





M


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q


T0Q
B4^(#QD

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@V)3X@/&1I=CY
M=6EL9&EN9W

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
3`M
S`\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/C4M

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.B`Q

M25I%.B`Q



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG



M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M;&4]



'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M=')U8W1I;VX@:7







M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M




M='

@=&AE(&-A

M86YD('5S960@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`S-C`L(&%T(&QE87-T






@:7


M960@87-S971S+B!




M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#
Q+`R,#$R+!T:&5R92!W87

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.U1%6%0M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P


M97




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97











@:6X@=&AE($=R86EN($1I=FES:6]N

2P@
C`Q



M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M05-($%30R`X,C`L(8C.#(R

M.#(R







@=&\@8F%S




@86YD(&UI




X
C$W.W
@


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P+C5P=#L@5TE$5$@Z(#0E)SX@/&1I
M=CX\9F]N=#XF(S$X
SL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

@:6X@86-T




@

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P+C5P=#L@5TE$5$@Z
M(#0E)SX@/&1I=CX\9F]N=#XF(S$X

@:6X@86-T





@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97


#L\+V1I=CX@/'1A



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N-7!T.R!724142#H@.3(E

M(#
@)B
Q-3`[(%9A;'5A=&EO;G
@8F%S960@;VX@:6YP=71S('1H870@87)E






14%2.F)O=&@[





'!T)SXF(S$V

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





BP@

@.#(P

@=&AE(&5F9F5C=&EV92!D
M871E(&]F(%-&05
@3F\N(#$U-R`H05-#(#@R






M
2P@
C`Q

'!T.U1%6%0M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M
C`[06-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@1&5R:79A=&EV92!&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U
M;65N='

`H9F]R;65R;'D@4T9!4R`Q-3`I(&%N
M9!!4T


2P@
C`Q
RX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


M13H@

'!T)SX\


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E





M92!R97%U:7)E;65N='
L('=H96X@87!P;&EC86)L92P@87)E('5S960@=&\@



M(S$V

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M



X
C$W.W




M97


#$R+CPO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

M97

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I=CX@

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@



M
#4M
34M
34M





M.B`Q

'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q
M-C`[)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




\

'!T.U1%6%0M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





M/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M34E


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T.U1%6%0M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G
M0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T(#!P







@3F\N(#$R
R!A;F0@

C4N(%-&05
@3F\N(#$R
RA2


@5&]P
M:6

34P.R!3=&]C:R!#;VUP
M96YS871I;VXN)B
X

C
H4BDL(&-O;7!A


M='


@




M97
@=&AE('-T869F)B
X
C$W.W
@=FEE=W




C

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@-S$X(&%N

M



M='


M
T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T



'!T


M4V5R:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T
M.TU!4D=)3CH@


M;64@=&%X97

M
&5S+!W:&5R96)Y



M:&4@9&EF9F5R96YC97



@87)E(')E9'5C960@8GD@82!V86QU871I





M97
@:6X@=&%X(&QA=W
@86YD(')A=&5S(&]N('1H92!D871E(&]F(&5N86-T
M;65N=X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E




2!T:&%N(&YO=8C
M.#(R


M9R!T:&4@)B
X

X
C(Q.R!T97-T

#$S+CPO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E



3!P

@


'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



63I4

M97AP96YS97



M='







T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;&4]

M5&EM97

C`[4W1A=&5M96YT(&]F

L)B
X
C(Q.R!C87-H(&9L;W=S(&9R;VT@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GDF(S@R







M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


#L\

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T(#!P


M($EN($IU;'D@
C`Q

@5&]P:6
@
S4P*2X@26X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('1H
M92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7

@;F]T(')E





U







34L(#(P
3(L('=I



@;V8@

S$L(#(P
M
3

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R







L('-I9VYI
M9FEC86YT(&%M;W5N='

M92!L:6YE(&ET96US(&]F(&YE=!I;F-O;64@8G5T(&]N;'D@:68@=&AE(&%M
M;W5N=!R96-L87-S:69I960@:7




M97)M:71T960N(%1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&ES('-T86YD87)D(&ES(&YO

M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


M:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@


C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%3
M52`R

















M:7







34L(#(P
3
N($9O

@96YT:71I97


@8F5G:6YN
'!E8W1E9!T;R!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I86P@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W.W,@8V]N<V]L:61A=&5D(&9I;F%N8VEA;!P;W-I



M13H@

M5&EM97


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T(#!P





M



@96YT
M:71Y('=I=&AI;B!5+E


M9R!P=6)L:6

@96YT:71Y+B!4:&4@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N
M9&%R9'



M9B!P=6)L:6






M:&4@86UE;F1M96YT(&EN('1H:7





M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
M
V0S.&5F
35B
#









]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





T0G

@

6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97






#`\
M+V9O;G0^*2XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M4:&4@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@=V%S(&%C8V]U









T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

3!P

969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@

M1=-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
05!313H@



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C4L
M-3`R+#$X

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.#4E/B`\9&EV/D%L;&]C871I;VX@;V8@=&AE

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
C@L.#8W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T


[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ
S
L.#8S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXQ+#
W
RPR

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0X-24^(#QD:78^




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY0


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXU+#@Y

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

3!P

M=VED=&@]

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY3:&]R=UT97)M(&QO86X\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.#4E/B`\9&EV/D%C8V]U;G1S('!A

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B`\9&EV/B@S
3DL

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY!9'9A;F-E(&9R;VT@8W5S=&]M97)S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#$V-RPT-3
I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH-C4L
3DR*3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!6

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@R
30L.30X*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q

M='

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C8L
#`Q+#(V
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$.#4E/B`\9&EV/D=A:6X@;VX@8F%R9V%I;B!P=7)C:&%S93PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)4

P
#`P
#`@

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G




M4&%R=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



]



]




M.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


M4TE:13H@

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@
M3U9%4D9


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!C;VQS


38P.S
Q+#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M(#0P


24=..B!C



M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M(#QD:78^
C`Q



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/


24=..B!C


[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0W
24^(#QD:78^06-C;W5N='


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^
S
L

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXS,RPY.38L,38U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

Z($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N
M='

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@Y

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C
S+#DY

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

T0G1D].




M=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#









M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]


M

M97

M25I%.B`Q

M3TY4+49!34E



14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

05!313H@

3!P=#L@3U9%4D9

M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0W
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58


M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!




M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4



M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXR,2PW-C$L-34X/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-S4V+#8W
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0W
24^(#QD:78^4F5S97)V92!F;W(@:6YV96YT;W)Y('9A;'5A=&EO;CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T


M.B`Q

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!T.R!6

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W




24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-2PS
3@L
C(T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS,PS
M
C(L

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

63I4



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M;&%Y;W5T.F9I

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D


#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE
M9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R
M7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\








]

]

M)TU!4D=)3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

\

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@





14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M

Y96(V8V4@
M

Y96(V8V4@
M
'!X('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M4DE'2%0Z(
Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED)R!C

T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@




M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M97(F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!C;VQS


38P.S
Q+#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

C`Q
CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\





M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E
M/B`\9&EV/D1E9'5C=&EB;&4@=F%L=64M861D960@=&%X97


'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS-C@L.#(W/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0W

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V






M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ,CDL.3@W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/E1O=&%L/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


M+4%


'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z



M-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D

O4VAE
M970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

]




]


M1D].5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-


63H@)U1I


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\
M9&EV/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q

!S;VQI9#L@5$58



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!C

CX@/&1I=CXR
#$R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
38L-3
T+#4T
CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E




M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^.PS.#8L,S4W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R



M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXV
3$L

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXR.PP,SDL-#DR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS



'!T.R!615)424-!


'!T.R!6

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M







M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/C$Y+#0T

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-











@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
L


@


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU
M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


#$S

63H@

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97












]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=-


'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

@









38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

3!P


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXS.PS
C0\+V9O;G0^(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

#(P
M8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@

]










14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-



'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@


M97




M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M4BU#3TQ


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C





M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

#LS
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/


24=..B!C




M.B`Q



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-PV.3@L.3$V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

Z($%C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!



#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T


M.B`Q



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M.B`Q

M13H@

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/


M5&EM97



@86YD(&EN
M9'5S=')I86P@;&%N9'

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P.SPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M2FEN9WIH;VYG1&5Y=2P@;VYE(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]W;F5D)B
Q-C`[


#PO9F]N=#X@86-R97
@;V8@9F%R;6QA;F1S)B
Q-C`[


X
C$W
M.W0@87-S97-S('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!L86YD('5S92!R:6=H
M='

M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87-S97-S960@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&QA




M/B!W87

Q

M3E0M4TE:13H@


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

2PY-CDL




14%2.F)O=&@[($9/


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M







CPO

#(\+V9O

M;&%T9F]R;2!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
N

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M



M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T)SX@
3$L

M;F=$97EU)W


M971H;V0N($]N($IU;F4@
3@L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V5I=F5D



T0G0TQ%

@3F5W


M(%1A:7II:'4@1W)O=7`F(S@R

@86YD('!R;V1U8W1I

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M($]C=&]B97(@
C@L(#(P




38P.R8C
38P


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].


'!T)SXR-#PO9F]N=#X@;6EL;&EO;BD@;V8@
M=&AE(&QA;F0@=7-E(')I9VAT(&]W;F5D(&)Y(%1A:7II:'4@1W)O=7`@=V%S
M('!L961G960@87


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

3!P


M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(@=V5R92`D/&9O



'!T)SXT
#8L




M=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#








M3E


]
M



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT



M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M3E0M4TE:13H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

969T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$P



3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\







3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$Q)2!C;VQS

CX@/&1I=CXR

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/D)A;FL@;&]A;B!P87EA8FQE('1O($%G




M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M)3X@/&1I=CY4:&4@86-T=6%L(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9'5R:6YG('1H92!C

@-RXX)2X@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M=CY4:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R=&5D(&9R;VT@075G=7-T(#$T


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/D]N($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P
3
@=&AE(&QO86X@

DN/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE(&QO86X@8F%L86YC
M92!W87

30L-C`P+#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97






M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

BPT
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]





M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M/&1I=CY4:&4@86-T=6%L(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@9'5R:6YG('1H92!C;VYT

@-RXX)2X@5&AE

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R=&5D(&9R;VT@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#$X


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0W-24^
M(#QD:78^07




24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q




'!T

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/D)A;FL@;&]A;B!P87EA8FQE('1O($II;GIH;VYG

M92!R871E('!L=7
@
3



34N

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

M=`R,BP@,C`Q-X@5&AE(&QO86X@=V%S(&]B=&%I;F5D(&)Y($II;GIH;VYG
M66]N9V-H96YG(&%N9!G=6%R86YT965D(&)Y(%EU8VE*:6YM86\@1F]O9!0

RP@
C`Q


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

M+4%


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


Q


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/D)A;FL@;&]A;B!P87EA8FQE('1O($II



@
3



34N

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M($%U9W5S=`R,BP@,C`Q-X@5&AE(&QO86X@=V%S(&]B=&%I;F5D(&)Y($II


24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@










M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/E1H

2P@
C`Q
M
R!W87

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


RP@

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E
M/B`\9&EV/D)A;FL@;&]A;B!P87EA8FQE('1O($)A;FL@;V8@0V]M;75N:6-A
M=&EO;G




#$S('=A

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,30L.#8W/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0W-24^(#QD:78^)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0W-24^(#QD:78^




M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

#$R('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O;B!$96-E

BP@
C`Q
RX@5&AE(&QO86X@=V%S(&]B=&%I;F5D(&)Y($1E=&EA


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/D)A;FL@;&]A;B!P87EA8FQE('1O($II;GIH;VYG

M92!R871E('!L=7
@
3



34N

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


M
CDL(#(P
3
2!9=6-I2FEN;6%O($9O;V0@4')O


S`L(#(P
3
N

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)4

M(#4L(#(P
3

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
4^(#QD:78^,2PS-C0L,S0T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

S`E(&]F('!R:6UE(')A=&4L




@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=V5R92`Q-2XP.#0E+CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4






S`L(#(P
3

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q

M;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#4L(#(P
3
N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/BT\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,2PS-C0L,S0T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M92!R871E('!L=7
@
C`E(&]F('!R:6UE(')A=&4L(&]F('=H:6-H('!R:6UE
65A<B!L;V%N


@87
@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

#$R('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O;B!*=6QY(#$W+`R,#$S
M+B!4:&4@;&]A;B!W87,@;V)T86EN960@8GD@1&5T:6%N(%EU(&%N9!G=6%R
M86YT965D(&)Y($UR5&EA;E=E;FIU;B!F;W(@82!P97)I;V0@;V8@;VYE('EE


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0W-24^(#QD:78^5&AE
M(&QO86X@=V%S('!A:60@;V9F(&]N($IU;'D@

3

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/C$L

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)4




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@



M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#$S+B!4
M:&4@;&]A;B!W87


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$R
PS.#,\+V1I=CX@/]T



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0W-24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



2X@5&AE




+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0W-24^(#QD:78^07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
3


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T



3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0W-24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0W-24^(#QD





2P@
C`Q

C`E+CPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


3$L(#(P

M(&=U87)A;G1E960@8GD@0F5I:FEN9R!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!'=6%R86YT964@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

M;B!W87

C`Q

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V




C8T+#@T
SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M.B`Q

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/C@L
S(S+#8R

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M;&4]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M


V1A
M930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P






]

T1)1#!%344^


M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
SQB

]


]

:6%B:6QI








T0G0TQ%

@3F5W

M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@


M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M5$@Z(#$P



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P





M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

#LS
2P\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


24=..B!C96YT97([





'!T

\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT,C@L-34R/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M.B`Q

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO



#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U
M8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
M
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P

3@N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C


]





T0G34%21TE..B`P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M/B`\8CY.3U1%(#$R+B!
3U-3($].($E.5D5.5$]262!604Q5051)3TX@4D53

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@


#$S

@)#0L
SDQ+#4X



T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO=&0^

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?
M-#=F

X968Q-6(P

3DN:'1M






T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@






3U-3($].($E-4$%)
M4DU%3E0@3T8@05-3150@5D%




#$S+!W:&EC:!R97!R97-E;G1S(0\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T)SXU+#@S
BPX



#(\



@:6X@=&AE($=R86EN($1I=FES:6]N+CPO9&EV
M/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E




M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S

O4VAE970R

M


2!R;W=S



3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]

]
M


T0G0TQ%05(Z

@3F5W(%)O

M

14%2.F)O=&@[


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@






@;F\@=&%X86)L92!I;F-O;64@:6X@




M97

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@



38P

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!T)SX\+V9O




M34E

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D(&EN

M9R!T87AA=&EO;B!O;B!I='


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T
M:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M

M)B

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




M=6)J96-T('1O(%!20R!I;F-O;64@=&%X97




@;&]C
M871E9!I;B!T:&4@4VAA;GAI(%!R;W9I;F-E+!#:&EN82P@:6YC;'5D:6YG



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

63H@


@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD
M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[




M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P

M=VED=&@]

#LS
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV
M/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(





+4%
24=.


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



#`P
#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXV

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E




M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97






M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0W
24^(#QD:78^1&5F97)R


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0W
24^(#QD:78^52Y3

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97







'!T.R!615)424-!


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M4V5R:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(SEE8C9C92`P


3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA




M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$






3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0W
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0R-R4@8V]L

S$L/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
'!E;G-E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS-XP

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&




M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\
M9&EV/BTR.XQ/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BTQ+C@\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3`N
CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0W
B4^(#QD:78^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A

M(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$-S(E/B`\9&EV/D]T:&5R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;G-E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z

M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BTR+C

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[
M($U!4D=)3CH@



M

M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

#$R(&%R92!P


'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%21TE.

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M

&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P
M)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

CX@/&1I=CY$

38P.S

T0G5$58



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M13H@

T0Q

C`Q
SPO9&EV



P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0W


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-2PP.3`L-C`R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+#0S


'!T.R!6

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0W
24^(#QD:78^4VAA


[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C0S

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
SDQ+#
S.3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97







'!T.R!615)424-!


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^-#0P+#
S

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

97-S.B!686QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@S+#DP.2PV-C4I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

M='

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&4]



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T
M:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M

T1C
M96YT97(^)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-


2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($-O


M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL

T0P


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T,E\P,C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S
M8E\W,V0S.&5F,35B,#,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D

M='
O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

M


#$S/&)R














14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
M
#







]





M9VX]


M+49!34E




'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



M=W

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0U-R4^
M(#QD:78^)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C




3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]






24=..B!C96YT


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q


T0G


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C




M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@/&1I=CY&;W(@=&AE
M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3,Z/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P




#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH,C8L.#$X+#4T-BD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH,BXU,BD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@/&1I


T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@/&1I=CY.
M970@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#(V+#@Q.PU-#8I/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

2P@
C`Q
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@/&1I=CY.970@


'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$V+#`P.PV-S`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


#

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C0T

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
38L-#4U+#0Q.#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`@

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
3(L-C$T+#$P.#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$N

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

T0G




M4&%R=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#






1$52


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#




T1T


T0G0TQ%05(Z

@3F5W(%)O

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/B`F(S$V

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@





@


3!P




'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@




M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]


#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I




@3F5W

#`\+V9O;G0^


@86YD(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@;V8@=VAI8V@@;F]W(&-O;G-T:71U

@86YD(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=&AR;W5G



M)V-L96%R.F)O=&@[5TE$5$@Z(#$P



M24142#H@
R4G/B`\9&EV/CQF;VYT/B8C.#DP
3L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@.30E)SX@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL





#L\+V1I
M=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D/B`\9&EV/CQF;VYT/B8C.#DP,3L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P







T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)

M9&EV/CQF;VYT/B8C.#DP

M


'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


M:71I97

3LI('=I=&@@8V5R=&%I;B!A8V-R961I=&5D(&EN




M56YI='




M(#`N

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E









'!T)SX@-S0V+#0W.3PO9F]N




M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M3TY4+49!34E



M;65N=`H=&AE(8C.#(R

X
C(Q

#M314
F(S@R


L('=I=&AI;B`V




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


38P.R8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86-E;65N=!A9V5N=`H=&AE(8C.#(R,#M0;&%C96UE;G0@06=E;G0F(S@R
M,C$[(&]R(8C.#(R
#M-87AI;28C.#(R
3LI+B!4:&4@4&QA8V5M96YT($%G

M3E0M4TE:13H@

@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S

M;B!*86YU87)Y(#(W+`R,#$P(AT:&4@)B
X
C(P.T]R:6=I;F%L(%!L86-E
M;65N=!!9W)E96UE;G0F(S@R,C$[*2P@=V4@96YG86=E9!T:&4@4&QA8V5M


T0G1D].







'!T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#`\+V9O;G0^('!A





'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97





T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





\+V9O;G0^(&9I





M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



M34E




M


'!T)SX@



M3TY4+49!34E


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!
M4D=)3CH@


M34E





63H@)U1I;65S($YE


2P@
C`Q
RP@86X@86=G

@

S@L
C8W

M4TE:13H@


M+49!34E

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE('1O


3@L




63I4:6UE

T0G

@

X









M87

#L\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M1D].5#H@






X

M=6YT)B
X



@;V8@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T
M:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M




M92!

M25I%.B`Q

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ


@



M92!397)I97




'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[)B
Q

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P




@;6]R92!A:VEN



6EN
M9R!T:&ES(&-O;F-L=7-I;VX@:7






M='D@9&%T92!W87

M97




'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M
'!T)SX@-3


@;V8@4V5R:65S



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

@3F5W(%)O




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q


@3F5W




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M(S$V

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M





M97



M)B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M(#PO9&EV/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]


#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].




M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




T0Q

T0G5D52


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N


T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH82D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


T0G8VQE87(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XM










T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


+4%
24=..B!T;W`G/B`\

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#`N
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^*&




T0Q
#`E



T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#`N

T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M)SXH9D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL





M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]


#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I





M;&4]

@

@;&EN:V5D('1O(#QF;VYT('-T



M8V]S='




T0G0TQ%05(Z
M8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@

M969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@


'!T.R!/

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M9&EV/B8C




24=..B!C



24=..B!C96YT


M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C




3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0U-R4^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58



M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]


M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E1O=&%L

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M
2PP

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$Q


M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0U-R4^(#QD
M:78^)B

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXY+#@Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/CDY-2PU
M
C

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


63H@5&EM97
@


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M13H@

T0U-R4^(#QD:78^1&ER96-T(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!C;W-T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].




M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0U-R4^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

P
M
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^.2PR-3`L
3(S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G0TQ%

@3F5W

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=&EO;G
Z/]E;3X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E



14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=65S(&]F('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@;VX@=&AE(&9I;F%N




N(%1H92!397)I97





M365R=&]N(%9A

M97


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX@)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'


M;R!D979E;&]P(')E;&%T:79E(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@8V%L8W5L871I;VX@9F]R

@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


@




M

T0G8VQE87(Z8F]T:#M-05)'24XZ(#!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


CX@/&1I=CY397)I97
F
M(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!





M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4


M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

38P.S(W




M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-38E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.



3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M/3-$
CX@/&1I=CXR

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([


24=.


[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@


24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M



M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L.#8V+#$W-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4V)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4V)3X@/&1I=CY#
M;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F(&9A:7(@=F%L=64Z/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6



3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0U-B4^(#QD:78^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&5Q=6EV86QE;G0@=F%L=64\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-BPV

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4V)3X@/&1I=CY$:79I9&5N9!F96%T=7)E/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q




'!T


M.B`Q



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXV-3DL.#(Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR,#DL-#,Y/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-38E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\



M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXW+#(Y
2PR

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$-38E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@
M,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O
M=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S

M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C
N-3
\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

M/3-$




38P.SPO9&EV/CQD


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

R4G/B`\9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T





2!I;G!U='

M(#QT9#X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO

M9&EV/B8C

M
T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH,BDF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO



#L\+V1I

+4%
24=..B!T
M;W`G/B`\=&0^(#QD:78^)B

M





M/&9O;G0^)B


M('1H92!R97-U;'0@;V8@86X@87)M)B
X
C$W.W
@;&5N9W1H('1R86YS86-T




M('1O(&1E=&5R;6EN92!T:&4@=F%L=64@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!I


M(%!L86-E;65N=X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO=&%B;&4^

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[
M($U!4D=)3CH@





M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@,R4G/B`\
M9&EV/CQF;VYT/B8C.#DP,3L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=724142#H@.3$E)SX@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)

M/&1I=CX\9F]N=#XF(S@Y

'!T)SY704-#+2!4:&4@

@=71I;&EZ960@=&\@9&ES8V]U;G0@=&AE(&-U;75L871I=F4@9&EV



'!T)SX@
3@N-C`\+V9O;G0^








@87







M/B8C.#DP
3L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9#X@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S





M34E




M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

M24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

T1L969T/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M:6PF(S$V
#LR-RPF(S$V
#LR
#$P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C


#LR

M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



24=..B!C

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B



T0Q


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%


3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
R4@

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
R4@8V]L


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C



3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]



P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M




24=..B!C96YT97([

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D






M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR,S4L.#@S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P




M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
C8E/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-E('!R:6-E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+C4U/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C
N-3
\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+C4S/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E/B`\9&EV/E)E;6%I;FEN9R!T97)M

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C(N

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C(N
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT-2XT-SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M/3-$)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[)B

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P
M


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
R4G/B`\9&EV/CQF;VYT




M;&4]


'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

'!T(#`N-6EN.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#QT86)L92!S
M='EL93TS1=724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S
M93L@1D].5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M)U9%4E1)0T%
+4%

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#
E
M)SX@/&1I=CXF(S$V

'!T)SXH
M

M+W1A8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#HQ



#L\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T



T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#$P

M

R4G/B`\9&EV/CQF


24G/B`\9&EV/CQF





M='EL93TS1=615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@/'1D/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T)SXF(S@R,C8[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0^(#QD


M;VQA=&EL:71Y+2!792!D:60@;F]T(&AA=F4@82!H:7-T;W)I8V%L('1R861I





@87
@;W5R


'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#QT
M86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C
M;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X@/'1R('-T

+4%

T0G5TE$
M5$@Z(#
E)SX@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
'!T)SXH


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M97

3$%04T4Z(&-O

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M;&4]

M24142#H@.3$E)SX@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


@:6YD:6-A










M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX@)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'


63H@)U1I;65S


@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!S=&%T=7
@86YD

M8F5R(#

#L\+V1I

'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN
M.R!724142#H@


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!


P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV
M/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S8E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S/B`\

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#,R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/CDX
BPS

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#
R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#(S)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L
34T+#(W
SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M.B`Q

'!T)SX\+V1I

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P

M:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T.U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4G

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X-24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV

38P.V]F)B


13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@

3
\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#$U-PR-S
\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0X-24^(#QD

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B

X968Q-6(P

C0N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3




]

M8F%S960@4&%Y;65N='




@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M1D].5#H@

M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@




2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q



'!T)SX@
34L
3
Q
M/]F;VYT/B!A;F0@)`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

S$L(#(P
M
3
@86YD(#(P

M3TY4+49!34E

'!T)SX@

Q+`R,#$S(&%N
M9`R

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M97



M92!);F-E;G1I=F4@4&QA;BXF(S$V


@

S$L
#`P


M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$P+`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

M97


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E





M4TE:13H@

M3$E'3CH@=&]P)SX@/'1D/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0^


M:'
@869T97(@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0[(&%N9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G
M/B`\=&0^(#QD:78^)B

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
M



C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(S@R





#`P+#`P




M25I%.B`Q
'!T)SX@-#(P+#`P


M97D@96UP;&]Y965S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+!O9B!W:&EC:!I;F-L=61E


@





M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX@)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@
3`P)3L@
M0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5#H@

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

+4%
24=..B!T;W`G

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#@E)SX@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


'!T)SXU
#PO9F]N=#X@)2!O9B!T


'!T.U1%

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


RP@
C`Q


M;&4]





M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^(#QD

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!
M4D=)3CH@


M.B`Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S


T0G5D525$E#04PM



BD@

'!T)SXS
R`Q+S
E(&]F('1H

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P.R8C
38P

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97









@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M4D=)3CH@
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

3!P=#L@

M=&@]




#$P)B
Q-C`[
M+28C
38P.S$Q+S@O
C`R

T0G5$58


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C$Q+S@O
C`Q
B8C
38P
M.RTF(S$V
#LQ
2\X+S(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q-24^(#QD:78^
2XQ
CPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C$N


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXQ+C0V/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T



M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C8N
#`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q-24^(#QD:78^-#8N
3`\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q-24^(#QD:78^
M-#
N

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M17AP96-T960@9F]R9F5I='5R97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`T

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



C`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M


M86QI9VX]

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#@E/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE)B
Q

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV
M/C$O
34O
C`Q
28C
38P.RT\8G(O/B`Q
B\Q-2\R

M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
38E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C$R+S$U+S(P
3$F(S$V
#LM/&)R
M+SX@
3(O
34O
C`R



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([




'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M


63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q-24^

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXU+C4P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M




M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E




'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M


M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C`N

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q-24^(#QD:78^


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)B
Q-C`[)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


38P.SPO:3X\

'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q


M.B`Q


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\






M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

#`G('=I9'1H


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXQ+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I
M=CXU+C0Y/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-C4E/B`\9&EV

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C`N

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C`N

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q-24^(#QD:78^


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M97



'!T.R!/5D521DQ/5SH@=FES:6)L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

#M097)I;V0\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


M13H@


3(O
C
O
C`Q
M
B8C
38P.RT\8G(O/B`Q
2\X+S(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q-B4@8V]L

3$O
C
O
C`Q
R8C
38P.RT\8G(O/B`Q
2\X+S(P
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M4TE:13H@


3$O
C
O
M
C`Q-8C,38P.RT\8G(O/B`Q,2\X+S(P,C`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M=&4@*4I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C`N

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C8X
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T





+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXT+C0X/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C`N

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q-24^(#QD:78^
M


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M13H@

M5&EM97


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T(#!P






14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M


R4G/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5TE$5$@Z(#
E)SX@/&1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&

M4TE:13H@


'!T)SXH
BD\+V9O


14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



M0T]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M




M871E+2!4:&ES(')A=&4@:7




M(&]P=&EO;G
@870@=&AE(&1A=&5S(&]F(&=R86YT+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E



Q.#



@=V5I

M/]T86)L93X@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SXH
M,RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=724142#H@.30E

M(#


#L\+V1I=CX@/'1A8FQE('-T


M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5TE$5$@Z
M(#
E)SX@/&1I=CX\9F]N=#XF(S$X

M92!O=71P=70@;V8@=&AE(&]P=&EO;B!V86QU871I;VX@;6]D96P@86YD(')E

@9W)A


T0G5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0^(#QD:78^)B

M;&4]



'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M(&]F(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@9G)O;2!T:&4@;6]D96P@87)E('1H96]R971I8V%L


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86-T:79I='D@=6YD97(@=&AE(%!L86X@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3


2P@
C`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[


05!313H@8V]L;&%P

3!P=#L@3U9%4D9


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0T-4^(#QD:78^
M)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P




M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CY796EG:'1E9T\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\




M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0T)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M





3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C




24=..B!C96YT



24=..B!C96YT97([




M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C




M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0T)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q


M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%




M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
M
#`P

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E-H87)E



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CY497)M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E9A;'5E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/B`\9&EV/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%S

2P@
C`Q

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L
3(T+#`P

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z
M(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+C,P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=.



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z



M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z



M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M*#
W-PP,#`I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT+C0P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/B`\9&EV/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L
M93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$



'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C
N

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD
M:78^
RXU

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



3!P=#L@5D52

M


'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXW
#`L

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE




M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



P
#`P
M
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


63H@5&EM
M97


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



M;W5B;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

2D@26YC;'5D
M97


M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M)T-
14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G1D].

63H@

@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
3


2P@
C`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[



M9STS1#`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%



24=.



24=..B!C


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D=R



M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0W
B4^
M(#QD:78^)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



24=.


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q

M;CTS1#(^(#QD:78^1&%T928C

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B







M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/C
Q


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH.3@L-3$Q*3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4




M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^*#(Y+#@Y


M25I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W
M
B4^(#QD:78^56YV97-T960@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C4P+#`P
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!6

'!T

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

#(P8E\T
M-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P
R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]







T0G34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV('-T

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9SXF(S$V

M

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



24=..B!C



M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


M(#QD:78^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


+4%


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B


M;&4]

M5&EM97





M34E

M34E







3$%04T4Z(&-O


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@




M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M97(F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!C;VQS


38P.S
Q+#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

C`Q
CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\





M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT-PT-#$\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C0S
M+#$X

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W





M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0W


=&0N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-PS,S,\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



M4TE:13H@

T0W
24^(#QD:78^1'5E(&9R;VT@1F5N9R!
:74\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
M
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

@


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M5#H@





38P.SPO9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S

'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M3TY4+49!34E

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

'!T.R!/

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M

T0Q

M
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([


24=.





M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^


M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@


M.B`Q

M8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXV+#`P-RPY,CD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/D1U92!T;R!-

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR+#8V


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M15A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXQ-PS

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@






M.R!&3TY4+49!34E








M;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E




@;V)T86EN960@8GD@1&5T:6%N(%EU+B!9=6-I2FEN;6%O($9O




M/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E




M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S

O4VAE970R-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^



]




M5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@


M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M
24Y%+4A%
M24=(5#H@;F]R;6%L.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;B`P:6X@

M;&4]



14%2.F)O=&@[

M/B`F(S$V

'!T.U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

T0G1D].




T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E




@8V]N9'5C=&5D(&)Y(&)U;&L@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q-C`[


M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

38P.W1H928C
38P.WEE87(F(S$V
#ME;F1E9#PO





24=..B!C96YT


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D)U;&LF(S$V

M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\






M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


38P.S



M



M



M



M

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR-#8L
S4P+#$P-#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0R.24^(#QD


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@X-BPU

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BT\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)4


M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-BPW

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
S4L
3DS

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#
Q-BPX

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

T*3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M.B`Q

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH-#$W+#`P



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXH-3

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH-PR

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0R.24^(#QD:78^3F]N

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


M

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD


M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0R.24^(#QD


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@R+#8Q-PP,S(I/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#8T+#`X

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
3(L
M


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q


6QE/3-$)T-,14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P<'0G/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

05!3

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

38P
M.W1H928C
38P.WEE87(F(S$V

M;&4]




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D)U
M;&LF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C




M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY$96-E

38P.S










M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXW,RPX,3$L,#$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXR-30L

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@



M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BT\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BT\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@
M5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-RPR,C0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY)

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH-C$P+#`X-RD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#(U.2PX

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@Q+#0W-RPS

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=`H97AP96YS92D@:6YC;VUE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH-3DR+#@V,RD\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#(U
M

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
2PT
SDL-#4X*3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#4W-RPX

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
2PV.3$L
S`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@R-RPV

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH

#@R*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE/B`\9&EV/E-E9VUE;G0@;F5T


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXY+#8Q

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
RPS-S@L
3@T*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXQ-BPT,#@L.#$Y/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


'!T)SX\+V1I

'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL


M

'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@



38P.SPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

M

M1TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

T1L969T/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q




M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


38P.S
Q+#PO





24=..B!C


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W

CX@/&1I=CXR

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T

CX@/&1I=CXR

M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


P
M
#`P
#`@


M8V%L($9E960@0V\N+!,=&0N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
BXR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
2XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/




'!T.R!6




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M8FQE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR
M,RXR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W
M


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C(N
SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C`N-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M

T0W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
W!X
M(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


+4%
24=.

M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR-2XQ/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M




'!T.R!615)4




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

M=VED=&@]
T0W

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/B`\9&EV/DII;GIH;VYG2V%N9W-H

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

3!P

M=VED=&@]

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^.XU/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M
XP/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

@4V%L97

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U143TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%


M.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS,2XV/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C@N

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L

M


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T,E\P,C!B7S0W9C!?
M8F0S8E\W,V0S.&5F,35B,#,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^


M:W
@86YD(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97



T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2





T0G1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T)SXN($-/3D-%3E12051)3TX@3T8@0U)%1$E4(%))4TL\+V9O;G0^/]F

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P





M3TY4+49!34E



14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M=&EO;BP@86QL(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R(#




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#$R/&9O

T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$Q-24[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G
M5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S='EL93TS



M9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]


]

'!T(#!P



34E.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E

M)TQ)3D4M2$5)1TA4.B`Q
34E.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M1D].5#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG


M('5N9&5R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
N($9U='5R92!M:6YI;75M(&QE87-E


#L\+V1I=CX@

'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$58

T0G
M34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%



#M
96%S97

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0X-24^(#QD:78^
C`Q-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS-38L-3DW/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$.#4E/B`\9&EV/C(P

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I
M=CXR,#$V/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@5&EM97




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0X-24^(#QD:78^
C`Q-SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$.#4E/B`\9&EV/C(P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY4:&5R
M96%F=&5R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#@U)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

'!T)SX\+V9O;G0^(#PO9&EV/CQT
M86)L92!B;W)D97(]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V
M9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




]

@


M9VX]

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=-05)'


T0G3$E.12U(14E'2%0Z(#$Q-24[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=
24Y%+4A%24=(5#H@

M25I%.B`Q

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@:&%V

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

#(P8E\T
M-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P
R]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5.1D%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R`H4&]L:6-I97



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M97

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0F%S:7
@3V8@06-C;W5N=&EN9RP@4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4


M.B`Q

'!X.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Q

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P






14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M97




@

@*8C.#(R,#M5
M4T0F(S@R,C$[*2X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E





C`Q

'0^)SQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T0G34%21TE.

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P




'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N9!D
M:7-C;&]S=7)E(&]F(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@87-S971S(&%N9!L:6%B:6QI=&EE


@;W1H97(@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@86YD(&EN9F]R;6%T



@86YD
M(&-O;F1I=&EO;G















M:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@




M;'D@;&EQ=6ED(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I=&EE




M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX@)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'


2P@
C`Q
RP@=&AE(&)A;&%N

M+49!34E

63H@

'!T)SXY
M

M=&EO;G
@1V]N9WIH=69E;B!3=6(M8G)A;F-H(&]B=&%I;F5D(&]N($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#$U+`R,#$S+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S




@4F5C96EV86)L

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


38P.R8C

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;V8@86-C;W5N='





M96EV86)L92!A;F0@86YA;'EZ97



@=&\@979A;'5A=&4@=&AE(&%D

M97




@8V]N9&ET


@;V8@86YA;'ES:7
N)B
Q-C`[($%S
M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!T:&4@8F%L86YC92!O9B!A;&QO=V%N

T0G

Q-C`[07
@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!B86QA;F-E(&]F(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U
M8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='





M/B`F(S$V

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@


@:6YV96YT;W)I97
@87)E('-T871E

M;F5D(&]N(&$@;6]V:6YG+6%V97)A9V4@8F%S:7


@:6YC




M;VUP;W-I=&EO;B!O9B!I='
@:6YV96YT;W)I97


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P



]

'0@0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



M;W-E9!O9BP@=&AE(')E;&%T960@8V]S=!A;F0@86-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5P

M;W5N='

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@






14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M

M97


M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P

3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA


T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1R


M2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q




M25I%.B`Q


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B


T0Q
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@V)3X@
M/&1I=CY=6EL9&EN9W

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M
3`M

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B`\9&EV/C4M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO=&0^



#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4

M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E






M97!R96-I871E9!U;G1I;!S=6-H('1I;64@87




M.C$P


]
M

L(%!O









M
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SX@)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'




@;V8@1D%30B!!4T
@
M5&]P:6
@




@






M;&4]

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



@:7



M8V]V97)A8FQE(&EF(&ET(&5X8V5E9'
@=&AE('-U;2!O9B!T:&4@=6YD:7-C



2P@
C`Q
RP@

R+#@P



CPO9F]N

T0P




]





@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@
'!T








@86)O





M:&5N(&%V86EL86)L92X@3V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='




M:6YF;W)M871I;VX@879A:6QA8FQE(&EN('1H92!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S+B!4

@:6YT;R!T:')E

M4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M;&4]
T0G5TE$5$@Z(#$P




Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=0041$24Y'+4Q%1E0Z(#`N-7!T.R!724142#H@-4G
M/B`\9&EV/CQF;VYT/B8C.#DP
3L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

@




M5&EM97

3$%04T4Z

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

T0P/B`\='(@


38P.SPO

T0G4$%$1$E.1RU
1494.B`P+C5P=#L@
M5TE$5$@Z(#0E)SX@/&1I=CX\9F]N=#XF(S@Y

'!T)SY
M979E;`R(8C
34P.R!);G!U='




M(&1A=&4L('-U8V@@87

M='
@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M;&4@;6%R:V5T(&1A=&$@9F]R('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@=&AE(&9U;&P@=&5R
M;2!O9B!T:&4@87-S971S(&]R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@

M.R!&3TY4+49!34E





R`F(S$U


M92!T:&4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


63I4


@.#(P*2!F;W(@;F]N

@=&\@9FES8V%L('EE




M='

@*&%T(&QE87-T(&%N;G5A;&QY*2X@
M5&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F(%-&05
@3F\N(#$U-R`H05-#(#@R

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T
M:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M

@=VET

M97(@05-#(#0X


M='DF(S@R
C$[*2!A;F0@05-#(#@Q-2TT
`H9F]R;65R;'D@14E41B`P,TQ
M.2P@)B
X



C$[*2X@


@
M
34P*2!A;F0@05-#(#@Q-2TT
`H9F]R;65R;'D@14E41B`P,TQ.2D@:&%D


T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO=&0^


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;BP@4&]L:6-Y(%M0

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

M

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M('!O;&EC:65S(&%R92!I;B!C;VUP;&EA;F-E('=I=&@@=&AE(%-%0R!3=&%F
M9B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN($YO+B`Q





M86-C;W5N='

M92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97

@87)E(&=E


@86YD('1H92!C;VUP







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;7!A;GDF(S@R






@
M=V5R92!N;W0@;6%T97)I86P@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


63H@)U1I;65S


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@





M('=I=&@@1D%30B!!4T

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
M
C`Q
B8C

M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO

T0P/CQT




]


M1D].5#H@


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE


#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@




M


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M


T1T;W`^4F5S96%R8V@@86YD($1E
'0@0FQO8VM=
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=B!S='EL93TS

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3TY4+49!34E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;7!A;GD@97AP96YS97


2`R
#$S(&%N



]

'!T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


63I4:6UE

T0G

@



M
#M3:&%R92U87-E9!087EM96YT)B
X

@
M4T9!4R!.;RX@

M0B8C.#(Q-SMS($%30R!4;W!I8R`W

M('1H92!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@8V]S='





@86YD



@

M:6P@
30L(#(P
#4L('1H92!314



M(%-&05
@3F\N(#$R

'!T

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




M('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(%-!0B`Q





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$P


]

'!T.TU!
M4D=)3CH@



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU
M:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@



3L@05-#




@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R('1A

M96YC97


@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA

M='

@;VX@=&AE(&1A

14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



63I4

M(&5X86UI;F%T:6]N(&)E:6YG('!R97-U;65D('1O(&]C8W5R+B!4:&4@86UO
M=6YT(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:7

C`[;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0F
M(S@R



T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!#=7)R



M

M97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;&EA8FEL:71I97
L('-U8V@@87





@4DU+B!4:&4@=6YI=!O9B!2
M34(@:7
@:6X@675A;BX@5')A;G-L871I;VX@9V%I;G
@87)E(&-L87-S:69I
M960@87


X





@4&]L:6-Y(%M0;VQI
#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4

M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



M34E


@86YD(&QI


@=VEL;!N;W0@;F5C97-S87)I;'D@86=R964@
M=VET:!C:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H92!C;W)R97-P;VYD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V5S(&]N
M('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='



'0^)SQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-05)'



#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S

'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

3!P

C`Q
M

@
M5&]P:6
@
S4P*2X@26X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H('1H92!A;65N9&UE;G1S
M(&EN('1H:7



M;'5D97




U







34L(#(P
3(L('=I=&@@96%R;'D@861O




M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$@
C`Q
RX\+V1I=CX@/&1I

'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%2

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M



M8V]M92`H5&]P:6
@
C(P*3H@4F5P;W)T:6YG(&]F($%M;W5N='
@4F5C;&%S

M($EN8V]M92XF(S@R
C$[(%1H:7
@05-5(&1O97
@;F]T(&-H86YG92!T:&4@











M=FED92!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&1E=&%I;!A8F]U=!T:&]S92!A;6]U;G1S+B!&

M(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7



M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P.SPO

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M.#(R
#M);F-O;64@5&%X97














M5&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7



M;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G




M1D].5#H@

M


'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@



'!T)SX@



T0G1D].

C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%3
M52`R
#$S+3$R+`F(S@R,C`[1&5F:6YI=&EO;B!O9B!A(%!U8FQI8R!=7-I









M(&YO;G!U8FQI8R!E;G1I='D@86YD('!U8FQI8R!E;G1I='D@=VET:&EN(%4N





M(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7



M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
M



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M25
@3T8@1DE.04Y#24%

]



T1T;W`^/'-T






63I4

M

M3TTZ(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M3$5&5#H@(SEE8C9C92`P

&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/
M3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9






M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


CX@/&1I


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE



M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9





M1&%T928C


24=.

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


M

M:#TS1#DE(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/F]F/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/












M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0W)2!C

CX@/&1I=CY#87!I=&%L/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0T
M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$-B4^(#QD:78^)B


M+4%

M+4%



M14E'2%0Z(#0P


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$-#`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CY#:71Y
M(%IO;F4@2&]L9&EN9W
@3&EM:71E9`H(D-I='D@6F]N92(I/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P




M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP

M=VED=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



:6UI=&5D(@B36]S=!3
M;6%R=(I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

2P@

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV



T0V)3X@/&1I=CXQ/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T


M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@



M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F
M9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

#`\+V1I




M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:

M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0T


T0R-B4^(#QD:78^)B

M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q-4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[


M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0R-B4^(#QD:78^4VAE;GIH
M96X@2FE2=4AA:2!496-H;F]L;V=Y($-O+BP@3'1D+B@B4VAE;GIH96X@2FE2

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T

M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q-4^(#QD:78^5&AE(%!20RP@075G
M=7-T(#(P+`R

[($9/3E0M4TE:

M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8E/B`\9&EV/C$T+#8S.#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^,3`P/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-



T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)B


M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

S`L(#(P
#8\


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ


M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V





M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0V
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P

C(L(#(P
M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ


M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C8E/B`\9&EV/DII;GIH;VYG66]N9V-H


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\9&EV/E1H92!04D
L


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@E/B`\9&EV/C$P
#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L


M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M


#@\


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9



M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


3`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



24=..B!L


M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@
M/&1I=CY4:&4@4%)#+!*=6YE(#(Q+`R,#$Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.


M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M(#QD:78^

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B





M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^(#QD:78^)B


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-#`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I
M=CY(96)E:5EU9W4@1W)A:6X@0V\N+!,=&0N(@B2&5B96E9=6=U(BD\+V1I


M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CY4:&4@4%)#+!*=6QY(#(U+`R
#$Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.4^(#QD:78^-S`\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+
M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G



@86X@




M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V


M9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@

M=&@]
T0X)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\9&EV/E1H92!0
M4D
L($IU;'D@

#

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0X)3X@/&1I=CXQ
#`\


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V



M9'5C='

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


M.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

T0V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0X
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
30E/B`\9&EV/E1H
M92!04D

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V

M1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M:78^

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M96%N('!R;V1U8W1S+CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$T)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I
M=CY*:6QI;B!*:6YG;&]N9R!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!$979E;&]P;65N=!
:6UI

M8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T



+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^(#QD
M:78^
RPQ-3(L
3

[($9/3E0M4TE:

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V

M5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#L@5D525$E#

T0T
M


T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B;&4M;&%Y

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\

Q-C`[/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XZ(#!P




#$R+CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#HQ



M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?
M-S-D

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]







]


]

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@


14%2.F)O=&@[


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



@87


'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)
M1%1(.B`Q

&EN.R!72414
M2#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^57-E9G5L/&)R+SX@3&EF93QB


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L





+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXU/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!C96YT97([

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ,TS

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#@V)3X@/&1I=CY/9F9I8V4@97%U:7!M96YT/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-2TQ

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M


'!T.R!615)4


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S
M8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#




CX\

T0Q


#$S/&)R/CPO




'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


M='


M87


M4V5R:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
#`E



'!T.R!615)424-!


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXU+#4P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@







M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY#87-H(&%N
M9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY297-T

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
C0P+#0W-#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
3
S+#@V
SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^.#0P+#@T.3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L





M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0X-24^(#QD:78^3&]N9RUT

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR+#@R

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U


M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^*#(R-2PX

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY487@@4&%Y86)L

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0X-24^


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].



M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXV+#`P

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P




M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M.B`Q

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



V1A930R7S`R
M
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P







]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T



#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4




38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE

M05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0W
24^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6




M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

97-S.B!!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M25I%.B`Q







M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T




M9&]U8FQE.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXS
BPS

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS,RPY.3$L,C@X/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

M9#
X968Q-6(P






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

#L@1D].5#H@,3!P=!4

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P
M:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

Y96(V8V4@

'!T.R!/5D521DQ/5SH@






13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS


38P.S
Q+#PO9&EV



M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL



13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
R4@8V]L

C`Q

T0G


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C


M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0W
24^(#QD:78^4F%W(&UA=&5R

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#`R,PT

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-RPW
S`L.#
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT.2PW


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-S
L
3
Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!
M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-RPW-3(L,C`S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0W


M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


#`P

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

M1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXH-PV
#

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P



P
M
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M25I%.B`Q
6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0G/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/]D

T0G=VED=&@Z
3`P)3L@=&%B

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

#(P8E\T-V8P
M7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P
R]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]





'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@





&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P
M)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9

M;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!3U)$15(M4DE'


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G


M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4




M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
2PP
#

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS-C@L.#(W/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$U
M-2PX.#

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
38S+#0T
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C0S-2PU.3D\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ
CDL

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E



M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#$V
2PS

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T




M+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S+U=O

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]











M

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
M




M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV
M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58





M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


CX@/&1I=CXR

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3(\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXQ-BPU,S0L-30R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L
#$R+#`P-SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXX+#

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^-RPT

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





'!T.R!615)424-!


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^
3$T+#

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C8Q
2PY

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR-BPP-C`L

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH.PW.#@L

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH-BPV


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
3DL-#0R+#4Y.3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

T0G0TQ%


M97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#
-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




]



T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

3!P

969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@


Y96(V8V4@
'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P
M



3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D







3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M/3-$
CX@/&1I=CXR

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

86YD('5S92!R:6=H
M='

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E


M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$S+#$U.PU,#@\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



M4TE:13H@

T0W


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#`X
2PU

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
2PP
M-3DL

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[
M($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$S+#

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

14%2.F)O=&@[


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2



'0O:'1M






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M5&EM97




M
T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

M0D]21$52+4Q%1E0Z(,Y96(V8V4@,'!X('-O;&ED.R!-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@
M5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ



M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]



24=..B!C96YT97([



M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q

M:78^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T





M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%


3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@
M=V%S(#8N

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=V%S(#8N

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!


3
L
M(#(P
3


@86YD(&QA;F0@=7-E(')I9VAT+CPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)4

DN
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS






'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)4

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@=V%S
M(#8N

M97)I;V0@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=V%S(#8N

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




#$R('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O;B!397!T96UB97(@
M

3

@86YD(&QA;F0@=7-E(')I9VAT

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M=&AE(&QO86X@:6UM961I871E;'D@:68@=&AE(&QO86X@8V%N;F]T(&)E(')E

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$L-#@V+#8Y-#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M



P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^,2PT-#0L-C`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4





M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^
M)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M(&9R;VT@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#8L(#(P
3

BP@
C`Q-X@5&AE(&QO86X@=V%S(&]B=&%I;F5D(&)Y($II
M;GIH;VYG66]N9V-H96YG(&%N9!G=6%R86YT965D(&)Y(%EU8VE*:6YM86\@


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV
M/C$L-#`T+#$P

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B



M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B


M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97




M=&5S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#


'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M=&%R=&5D(&9R;VT@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#8L(#(P
3

BP@




C
L(#(P

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/C$L-#`T+#$P
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


@0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN82X\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/E1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!L
M;V%N('-T87)T960@9G)O;2!*86YU87)Y(#0L(#(P
3



M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M9B!T:&ES(&9I;&EN9RP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&)E96X@:6X@;F5G;W1I





M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M-S0S+#

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M



@0F%N:R!O9B!#:&EN82X@


M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@



#$S('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@





+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



30L.#8W

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M92!W87

M=6%L(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=V5R

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!

M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^
M)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

M(&9R;VT@075G=7-T(#



24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

2PS-C0L
S0T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M4TE:13H@

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0W-24^(#QD:78^0F%N:R!L;V%N
2!9=6-I($1I<W1R:6-T(%)U<F%L




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
4^
M(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6



[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/E1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H

S$L(#(P

C`Q
RX@5&AE(&QO86X@=V%S(&]B


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%


M9!O9F8@;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#4L(#(P,3,N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P

2PS-C0L

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0W-24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$-S4E/B`\9&EV/E1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!L;V%N('-T87)T960@9G)O
M;2!*=6QY(#$X+`R,#$R('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O;B!*=6QY(#$W
M+`R
#$S+B!4:&4@;&]A;B!W87
@;V)T86EN960@8GD@1&5T:6%N(%EU(&%N

#$S+CPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\
M='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M

M871E('!L=7
@-3`E(&]F('!R:6UE(')A=&4L(&]F('=H:6-H('!R:6UE(')A
65A<B!L;V%N(&EN



2P@
C`Q
B!W87

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0W-24^(#QD:78^

C`Q
B!W:71H(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4@;VX@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(W+`R
M,#$S+B!4:&4@;&]A;B!W87,@;V)T86EN960@8GD@1&5T:6%N(%EU(&%N9!G


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M97(@

3
@=&AE(&QO86X@=V%S('!A:60@;V9F+CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q




'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B


M)3X@/&1I=CY



M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXU.PY

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T



M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
FAI;65N<W5B8G)A;F-H+!B96%R:6YG(&EN

@
M
C`E(&]F('!R:6UE(')A=&4L(&]F('=H:6-H('!R:6UE(')A=&4@=V%S(&)A



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
4^(#QD
M:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4



[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M


3`L(#(P
3

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M


M('-T87)T:6YG(&9R;VT@3F]V96UB97(@
S`L(#(P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W






'!T.R!615)424-!


'!T.R!6



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$P)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

T0Q
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P




#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97




M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T0G


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
M
#



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3


@86YD($%C8W)U86QS

]


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@


@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I


T0G34%2
M1TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q



3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D







3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M/3-$
CX@/&1I=CXR

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R
M/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

#0V

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C(X.PU.#0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0W

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0W
24^(#QD:78^5&]T86P\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
2PU


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M.C$P


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
M
35B
#



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

M86X]

#$S





'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@



@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO
M=VEN9R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD
M(#(P

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


38P.SPO9&EV/B`\9&EV

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

M24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



24=..B!C



M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O


M(#QD:78^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\





P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'




M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P


M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/E!20SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXV

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P


T0Q
B4^(#QD

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97





M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P




M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P



3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0W


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97



'!T.R!615)424-!


M.B`Q



M:60[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!6

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P


T0Q
B4^(#QD
M:78^

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

M34E


M.C$P


]
M


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

M








M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(SEE8C9C


3$%04T4Z(&-O




M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

T0U/B`\9&EV/D9O

T0G5$58



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0R-R4@


M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
'!E;G-E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C
T+C`\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M




M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B`\9&EV/BTR.XQ/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M
#`P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BTQ+C@\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3`N
CPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0W
B4^(#QD:78^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@5&EM
M97


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S(E/B`\9&EV/D]T:&5R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M.B`C
#`P

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]

M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BTR+C

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@

M/]D:78^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S='EL93TS



:6%B


#$S(&%N

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

3!P

969T.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@

M1=-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
05!313H@



M



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

#LS
2P\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

CX@/&1I=CY$

38P.S

T0G5$58



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0W
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q

M;CTS1#(^(#QD:78^
C`Q

T0G5$58



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T



M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!615)4


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R



24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT,S4L.#0T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0W
M

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

13H@;F]R;6%L


S$\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0W
24^(#QD:78^5&]T86P\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%

M1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+#DP

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P




+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'





24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



T0G
M=VED=&@Z

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

M9#
X968Q-6(P




^+RH@1&\@


$5-

3U-3*2!0



]

]
T1T97AT


@86YD








T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)
M3CH@


969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@
M



T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q






3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]


M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/




M







3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%

CX@/&1I=CY!;6]U

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@/&1I=CY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4




+4%


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

3!P=#L@

M=&@]


@+2!B87-I8SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
M

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
3`L-C(U+#$W
#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C
M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
BXU

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T


M.B`Q



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%


'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0
M.B`C
#`P



M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


+4%
24=..B!M

M8FQE.R!415A4+4%

3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P
M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&


M9&]U8FQE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W






M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R
M/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4


M25I%.B`Q


M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$N-3$\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M63H@5&EM97





'!T.R!615)424-!


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^
M(#QD:78^
BPP

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4




M
T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B9#-B

X968Q-6(P

N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M










]

T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M-05)'24XZ(#!P=`P


T0G0TQ%
M05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@

M1D].5#H@

M3CI
969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@

M92!S='EL93TS1=-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#
M3TQ

3!P=#L@3U9%4D9



M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T

M9&EV/B8C






M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M(#0P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0U-R4^(#QD:78^)B

M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]




P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@


CX@/&1I=CY4;W1A;#PO9&EV/B`\


M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ
PR-#@L
M,#DR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M15A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ
2PR.#@L


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD
M:78^)B

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



M


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXY.34L-3(S/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ,PX
#4L-S4P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@Q+#4X
M

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXH
38Q+#0T

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

BPY.3

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P


T0Q
B4^(#QD

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#`R

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M97(]




]



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-

@


M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P




T0P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X@/'1R/B`\


M(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]




M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q

M:65S)B




3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0U-B4^(#QD:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P




M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M(#0P


24=..B!C96YT



M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q

M(#QD:78^36%Y)B
Q-C`[

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#4V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T





3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q

M1#(^(#QD:78^
C`Q




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-38E/B`\9&EV/DEN9&5X960@8V]M

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0U-B4^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0U-B4^(#QD


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P






M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C8L-C
Q+#0P
SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR+#`X,RPP.30\+V1I=CX@/]T



[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0U-B4^(#QD:78^1&EV:61E;F0@9F5A='5R

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^-C4Y+#@R

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
C`Y+#0S.3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-RPR.3$L
C(T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]2
M1$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#4V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`S

M/B8C



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#-P

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-38E


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C
N-34\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+C4S/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E/B`\9&EV/C

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
BXP
#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@5&EM97




[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@




M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-2XY
3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(^/'1D/CPO


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@57-E

]




M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@


T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)
M3CH@


969T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@
M


3!P
M=#L@3U9%4D9


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(V
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!C


13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@5D52

M

24=..B!C96YT



M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


M
#LQ
PF(S$V,#LR,#$P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M:61T:#TS1#(V)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M
T0Q

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z


3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!C96YT97([

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D%G96YT

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.





M14E'2%0Z(#0P


24=..B!C96YT


24=..B!C96YT



M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


CX@/&1I=CYW87)R86YT





M(#0P




M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

+4%
24=..B!B


M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/
M4#H@(S`P
#`P


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%


M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%


M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


24=..B!C




3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T


M13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@
M(S`P
#`P


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$S


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR
S4L.#@S

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-#$L


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C0N.#0\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXU+C`V/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E




T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97





M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)424-!


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+C4U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W




+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXU('EE87)S/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR+C(T/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@
M5&EM97


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[





+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\

]
M


'!T.TU!4D=)3CH@

3!P


@82!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!S=&%T=7
@86YD(&%C=&EV:71Y(&]F



#L\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL

'!T.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-E(%!R
M:6-E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
S8E(&-O;'-P86X]


T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(U)3X@/&1I

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


24=..B!L


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4.B`U


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/CDX

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#
R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
C
E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-S$L.3$Q/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
6QE/3-$


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#
R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(E/B`\9&EV/E1O

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%

M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P



#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$L
34T+#(W

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


'!T)SX\+V1I


@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

#L\

'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0X-24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]

38P
M.V]F)B


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CY/=71S=&%N

3

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/
M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ+#$U-PR-S

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P
M.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P
M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M;W5B;&4[(%1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[

'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P(#%P


24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

M:6YG/3-$


M7S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P
PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M:6]N(%)E;&%T960@0V]S='



]

]




14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M/B`F(S$V

'!T.TU!4D=)
M3CH@



M

'!T.U1%6%0M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


969T
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
&EN.R!724142#H@

M93TS1=-05)'24XZ(#!I;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P,4[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
05!3

3!P=#L@3U9%4D9



#`P
#`P

24=..B!C96YT97([


38P.RTF(S$V
#LQ
2\X+S(P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q-B4@8V]L



M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\


CX@/&1I=CXQ
2\X+S(P
M
3(F(S$V
#LM)B
Q-C`[
3$O.\R,#(P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0



#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C$N
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXQ+C(W
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M


M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R




+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXV

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C0V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P+34U+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4

M24=(5#H@-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E





M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0X)3X@/&1I=CY$:79I

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q-24^(#QD:78^


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C`N
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A8FQE

'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M86YT960@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
34L(#(P


M4V5R:68G/B`F(S$V

'!T

T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
#`E




3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

M
CX@/&1I=CXQ+S$U+S(P
3$F(S$V
#LM/&)R+SX@
3(O
34O
C`R
#PO9&EV



P
#`P
#`@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



24=..B!C96YT97([


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4


M:60[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C(N

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%
M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXR+C,R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P



+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
65A<G,I/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXV+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C0V+C$U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W







+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E



#PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A
M8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

38P.R8C

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

M04U)3%DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4%
M24=..DQE9G0[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q
#`E)SX@/'1A

&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M3E0M4TE:13H@


M

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-
M.B`C
#`P


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M
#DO
#@O
C`Q
B8C
38P.RT\8G(O/B`P
R\P.\R,#(P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#8U)3X@/&1I=CY2:7-K+69R964@4F%T92`H)2D\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+CDT/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
65A<G,I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M63H@5&EM97





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#8U


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXT-2XR
CPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q-24^(#QD:78^
M


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\+W1A
M8FQE/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E


14%2.F)O=&@[


'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M(#(S+`R,#$R.CPO:3X\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-


M9VX]

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#@E/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE)B
Q-C`[

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@
M(S`P
#`P

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C$R
M+S(S+S(P
3(F(S$V
#LM/&)R+SX@
3$O.\R,#(P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/
M33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV
M/C$Q+S(S+S(P
30F(S$V
#LM/&)R+SX@
3$O.\R,#(P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E
M/B`\9&EV/C`N-3

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P
M,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@
M/&1I=CXP+C8P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P



'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@





I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV
M/C0N

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4TE:13H@



+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/]T

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
34E
M/B`\9&EV/C

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
34E/B`\9&EV/C0V+C0U/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D
M;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E



#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#0X)3X@/&1I=CY$:79I9&5N9!9:65L


'!T


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P

#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$U
M)3X@/&1I=CXP+C`P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97




M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO

T0P/CQT




M

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M-


M9&5R('1H92!0;&%N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S+!A;F0@8VAA

S$L(#(P
3
@
M:7

14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





M1%1(.B`Q






M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\




M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M

T0Q

M-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M



3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V






M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\






M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/E=E:6=H=&5D+3PO9&EV



M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B

M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\
M+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D





M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/E)E;6%I;FEN




M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M


Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G




3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D5X97)C:7-E/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]




M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M3E0M4TE:13H@



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


CX@/&1I=CY3:&%R97

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

T0G5$58


M4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT


M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P

M(#$L(#(P
3

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@
M,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXQ+#$R-PP

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
M
RXS

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[



'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P,#`P,`Q

#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@




24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@5&EM97





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\


M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q




'!T

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0T-4^(#QD:78^
M1F]R9F5I=&5D/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@S-S0L
#`P*3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97



'!T.R!6


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXW-3`L

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

'!T.R!6

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXV
M-S@L,S(Y/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-#0E/B`\9&EV
M/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


63H@
M5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@

M
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-S`P+#`P

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!R:6=H

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
RXP-3PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E


M25I%.B`Q

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q

M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS+C$T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/C


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


6QE/3-$)T-,14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P<'0G/CPO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#3$5!4CIB;W1H
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E



M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










#L\

'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE..B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q


M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0W
B4^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV



M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M



M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!





24=.



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6



13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL







M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6


M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4

CX@/&1I=CY6



M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z

3
\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXS,3`L,#`P/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P


24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P




M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0W
B4^(#QD:78^1W)A;G1E9#PO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P



M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B`\9&EV/B@R
3`L

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M

T0W

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S(E/B`\9&EV/E5N=F5S
M=&5D(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


P
#`P
M
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P
M,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXU,PP

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=.

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



T0G=VED=&@Z


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
M

X968Q-6(P



M:G


M9#TS1$E$

]




]

'!T



14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I

'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T.U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P+C5I;CL@34%21TE..B`P

'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E




T0G34%21TE..B`P
M:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q


M

T0W
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]


M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S



13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0R-R4@

#LS

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO



P
#`P
#`@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
M
#`P



3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M

M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/C(P
3(\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T

M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I=CX@


M
T0Q

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M


M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#PO
M=&%B;&4^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,!S='EL93TS



@6U1A


M5&EM97




T0G
M0TQ%05(Z8F]T:#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,XU:6X[($U!4D=)3CH@
'!T(#!P




T0G

M25I%.B`Q

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/



M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0Q

M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%



M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6





3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU4


3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P



3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M15A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q
B4^

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXT

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@5&EM
M97


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV
M/D1U92!F;W)M($II;G-H86YG($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@1FEN86YC92!
96%S

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P



M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M3TTZ(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E


M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W
24^(#QD:78^5&]T86P\+V1I=CX@

M2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52+4)/
M5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
SDW+#(Q-#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L

M






'!T.R!/5D521DQ/5SH@=FES

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO




M15A4+4%

'!T.R!615)4


3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M

#LS
2P\+V1I=CX@

M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P



P
#`P
M
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/






M4F]M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[


M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

M3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

+4%


M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/
M54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D


M
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE


'!T.R!615)4

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B0\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M25I%.B`Q

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXR+#8V


M.B`Q

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0W
24^

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R

M9F9F9F8[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-PS
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

M
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
M
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#HQ
#`E.R!T86)L92UL87EO=70Z9FEX960[)R!C96QL


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P
M7V)D
V)?-S-D

O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]


'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M415A4+4%
24=..DQE9G0[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P:6X[(%=)1%1(.B`Q

M)TU!4D=)3CH@
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C
M;VQL87!S93L@3U9%4D9



M:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY&;W(F(S$V
#MT:&4F(S$V
#MY96%R)B
Q-C`[96YD

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

M;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M

CX@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C




M+4%

'!T.R!615)424-!

Q-C`[5')A9&EN9SPO9&EV/B`\





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V,#L\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U193$4Z(&YO

M.B`Q


M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\



24=..B!C96YT97([


24=..B!C96YT97([


24=..B!C96YT97([


24=..B!C96YT97([



M86X[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I


CX@/&1I=CY4;W1A;#PO9&EV




M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%


+4%
24=.
M.B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^
M)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P
M


M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L


#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD


M9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^-#$L-C
W

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M

#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXV,BPQ-3$L
M-34P/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P

#0\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#0L
SDQ+#4X
D\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D('-T

M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L
M93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@T+#0W.PQ-S0I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/BT\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@



3!P=#L@

M=&@]


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR+#@T-#PO9&EV

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P



'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM

T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY)

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





'!T


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C
M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#0W+#@S


'!T.R!6


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@

T0Q

PT,S@I/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M


M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q




M


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ-BPW

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@W-34L
C0U*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M.B`Q

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^*#4S
RPW

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
2PW
3@L
C4R*3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

[($-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@Q
3`L

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

24=..B!L




+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE/B`\9&EV
M/DYO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C



+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

M13H@

T0Q

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6

M1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH
BPV
30L
#
R

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P




I/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M8V9F8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


P
#`P
#`[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#(V+#
T
RPY

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T)SX\+V1I=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1=#
M3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E

T0G0TQ%05(Z

@3F5W(%)O


M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ3&5F=#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!I
M;CL@5TE$5$@Z(#$P


M9VX]
T1L969T/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY&;W(F
M(S$V,#MT:&4F(S$V,#MY96%R)B,Q-C`[96YD960\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M4TE:13H@

T0Q


13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&

CX@/&1I


3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C



24=.

'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-S`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0R.24^(#QD:78^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2PF(S$V
#LR
#$R/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D1I=FES:6]N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D1I=FES:6]N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B`\9&EV/D1I=FES:6]N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%



3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%


T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N


M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!
M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@
M1D].5U35%E


#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&


T0Q
M
B4^(#QD:78^

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M





M-'!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$
M.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F
M9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M25I%.B`Q


63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXV
2PW

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV
M/B8C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
CDE/B`\9&EV/DEN=&5R97-T

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^


3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]

M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@
M-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P





M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0R.24^(#QD

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH-C`W+#
V
BD\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$

+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B@R

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI
M9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6



M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY.970@:6YT

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N

M3D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


'!T.R!615)4


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR
#PO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M




M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E

[($9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P


M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXH

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-4

M0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4

M(#0P




M3E0M4TE:13H@



M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^+3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!1$1)

'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXM/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F
M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M34E
63H@5&EM97





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P





M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#(Y)3X@/&1I=CY396=M96YT

M15A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-

M14E'2%0Z(#0P





M.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


M2%0Z(#0P

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M

M4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^*#
L





M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$

M($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#
M04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@


@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

T0G0TQ%

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M:78^(#PO9&EV/B`\+V1I=CX\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#HQ











T0G0TQ%05(Z8F]T

M4D=)3CH@
&EN.R!724142#H@
3`P)3L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL
M87!S93L@3U9%4D9


M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0W
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([($9/3E0M4U19



M4TE:13H@



M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M

M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`W
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


3!P=#L@

M=&@]



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].

T0W

M8V5N=&5R.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V



M=VED=&@]
T0Q

C`Q
SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B



T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M


M=&@]
T0Q

C`Q
CPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\




M04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0W
M

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97

M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%


M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E


#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C0N

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

24=..B!R:6=H

M8V
[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\
M+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


=&0N/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\
M9&EV/C

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ+CD\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C
M.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M24=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0G
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M;VQI9#L@5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$N

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0W

M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXQ
XY/]D:78^(#PO
M=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%

M4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)
M1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97

P
M
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G0D]21$52
M+4)/5%1/33H@(S`P
#`P



M
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C4N

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0W
4^(#QD:78^)B,Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

M0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O
M=6)L93L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P

24=..B!L969T

M4F]M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@
M5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P




+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,W!X(&1O=6)L93L@
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P



M8FQE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
M

M;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!6
M15)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T
M:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT

M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q
B4^(#QD
M:78^)B

M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M
M5$]0.B`C
#`P




M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E



M.B`Q


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C
M8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q


M+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!0041$24Y'+5))1TA4

M3D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ
M(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[


M(%9%4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I
M9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&UI9&1L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXR+C

M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%

3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
2XU/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].


M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[($9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(#0P



M25I%.B`Q





'!T.R!6


'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@/'1D

M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q




'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I=CXP+C0\+V1I=CX@/]T9#X@



M3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
M

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M;#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@
M(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED
M9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M2%0Z(#0P


P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

#`P

M
T0Q

T0G5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T
M;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[
M/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
M

M3U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

M;#L@4$%$1$E.1RU224=(5#H@-7!X.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$
M15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)3PO9&EV/B`\+W1D
M/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&

M86X[($)!0TM'4D]53D0Z(-C8V9F8V,[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D52
M5$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'

M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^
M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D52

M
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O=6)L93L@1D].

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\+V1I=CX@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM
M04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P


'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$-S`E/B`\9&EV/D)U;&L@5')A9&EN9R!$:79I

M=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T
M.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W
M:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].5U3
M5%E,13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!

M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M

M(-F9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@1D].5U714E'2%0Z(#0P


'!T.R!6



'!T.R!615)424-!3U!
M3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\
M9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS

[
M($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O;3L@0D]2
M1$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P
M)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

M;&4]
T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@1D].

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
3(N-SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M4E1)0T%
+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H
M/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@

M9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

24=..B!L



M/3-$)U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[(%!!

'!T.R!615)4

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXE/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S

M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V
#L\

M;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)4
M24-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS
M1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C

T0G5$58


+4%
M24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O

T0W


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
M
#`P


+4%
M24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD
M:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]4
M5$]-.B`C
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV
M/C`N

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F
M=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W


M9F9F9F8[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)1TXZ(&)O='1O

T0W


M+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^
M(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M
M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P


T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF
M(S$V



M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!04-+1U)/54Y$.B`C9F9F9F9F.R!#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M8F]T=&]M.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

M14E'2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=.
M.B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@
M1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`@


+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($)/


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B4\+V1I=CX@/]T

'!T)SX\





V1A930R7S`R
&)?
M-#=F

X968Q-6(P





]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\



M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
@1&ES



'!X
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@




@86YD
M(&]F9FEC97






@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

38P

14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9


M

13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!&3TY4+5-)

+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$.#4E/B`\9&EV/D%S)B
Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#M$96-E

38P.S



P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#L@


3!P

M=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CXR

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#04PM04Q)

T0Q)3X@/&1I
M=CXF(S$V


T0Q)3X@
M/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E


M.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@
M;6ED9&QE.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
M
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4
M+4%
24=..B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9

M2%0Z(#0P


+4%
24=..B!M
M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q

3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!
M3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R
M)3X@/&1I=CXQ.3`L

M4TE:13H@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].
M5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M25I%.B`Q


+4%
24=..B!B
M;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q
M-C`[/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#L@1D].5U35%E




M0T%
+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
M
24^(#QD:78^)B

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#@U)3X@/&1I=CXR

3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F9CL@1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\



+4%
24=..B!B;W1T;VT[($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E/B`\9&EV/C$W

M9F9F9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE
M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C
38P.SPO
M9&EV/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!L969T.R!&3TY4+5-464Q%.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE

M


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@5D525$E#

T0Q
M)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V

M3U5.1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'
M3CH@8F]T=&]M.R!&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$R)3X@/&1I
M=CXQ-S

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


T0G5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#L@1D].5U35%E
M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97


M25I%.B`Q





'!T.R!6


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@0D%#2T=23U5.1#H@(V9F9F9F
M9CL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@;6ED9&QE.R!&
M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@-#`P)R!W:61T:#TS1#$E/B`\9&EV/B8C,38P.SPO9&EV
M/B`\+W1D/B`\+W1R/B`\='(^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+4%,24=..B!R
M:6=H=#L@1D].5U35%E
13H@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@


+4%
24=..B!M:61D;&4[
M($9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B`T
#`G('=I9'1H/3-$
24^(#QD:78^)B
Q-C`[/]D
M:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P
#`P

M1#H@(V-C9F9C8SL@1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!615)424-!3U!3$E'3CH@

T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXD/]D:78^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B`C
#`P



T0Q
B4^(#QD:78^
BPT
3
L

[($9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#L@

M=&@]
T0Q)3X@/&1I=CXF(S$V


M9'1H.C$P


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S
M.&5F
35B
#



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO


M*$1E=&%I;'


]






#`Y/'-P





]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

:6UI=&5D(%M-96UB


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]





]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@



]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


M)U1H92!04D







]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]







]
T1T97AT/D%U9R`R
P-@D)





M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M9V4@;V8@3W=N97)S:&EP/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#`N









]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]














M9VX]

M+B!
=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]
T1R93X-




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#DR+#8R





]
M




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@





M9VX]




]

P-@D)
C`P




]








T1T



]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

M
RPY-C
L




]


]

]


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&EA;FII;B!'=6%N9'4@
M1F]O9!#;R!

]
T1R


]

]









T1T


]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^2&5B96E9=6=U($=R86EN($-O($QT9!;

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*


]

]
T1T97AT/B=4:&4@4%)#/'-P




]

]


RPX












M:6AU($9O;V0@0V\@3'1D(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





M:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6P@



M

S





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P



]
M

]


]
M












]




]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
XP,4\



]

]


]



:6UI=&5D(%M-96UB97)=




]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPQ-3(L
3








2!H879E(&)E96X@=VET:&EN('1H92!S8V]P92!O9B!C;VYS;VQI9&%T:6]N
M('-I;F-E($9E8G)U87)Y(#(L(#(P,3(N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W
M9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M4%)%4$%2051)3TX@*$1E=&%I;'

2P@
C`Q


M
S$L(#(P


]

C`Q
#QB

M8BX@
#(L(#(P
3(\8G(^2&4@2&%O(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`P
BP@
C`Q
CQB


#$R/&)R/DUR+E%I;F=H95AU(%M-96UB97)=/&)R


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`P
BP@
C`Q
M


#$P/&)R/D-I='D@6F]N

:6UI=&5D(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E-H87)E($5X8VAA;F=E









M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`P
BP@
C`Q


M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



]
M




]



]









3QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M





]
T1T97AT



#4L




]



]











]





]
T1N=6UP/C$P




M-RXU





]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]
T1T




]





]





]


S0L-S`U+#`P


]
T1N=6UP

BPT



]
M




]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



24-)15
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]






]



]
T1R:#X-

]
M



]

]




]


T1T

]
T1T





]










@*&EN('EE87)S




]
M



V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B9#-B

X968Q-6(P






]

T1)1#!%


#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M


#$S/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]






]



]





]





3DL-30T/'-P


]
T1T97AT





2PX
3
L




]



]
T1N=6UP/C@Q







]







M



]
M




RPY



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



L($9I;FET92UL:79E

\





]
T1N=6UP/B0@




#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
M
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4S6$%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

]

]
M


#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`P
BP@
C`Q







M


S0L-S`U+#`P



]

]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



M


]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!C87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]


3
S+#@V
SQS


]
'0^)SQS


]
T1N=6UP/C@T





]
T1N=6UP/C4L-#$R/'-P86X^


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L.#DQ



]







]
T1T




]
T1P






]
M







]
T1N=6T^*#(R-2PX
3DI


]

]
M



]






M87)T:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]

T0R/CPO



#$R/&)R/D-.63QB

]



]
T1T









]
T1N=6UP/C$P

#`N




M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
M
V0S.&5F
35B
#

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





M3F]T97

]
T1T97AT




S+#
Q
2PV




Z($%L
M;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


M(#
R+#


S+#DY

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

M9#
X968Q-6(P






]



M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R


]







]
T1N


T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



2PP.3DL-S0W

M-S4V+#8W

]

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
34L


#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
M
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A
M930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$540D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@




S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]


]



]











T1T;W`^0V]R;B!$

]
T1T




]





S







]


2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]



]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ-C$L



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
3`L


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$W+#0X








]
M



97-S.B!!8V-U;75L871E

]
T1N=6T^
M*#@L-S@X+#0T




]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3DL
C4Q+#`U

#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?
M-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
M
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\


]


]


#$S/&)R/D-.63QB

]



T1T;W`^4')O

]

S4L
C`P+#`P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@






]

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M

]
M


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#0U+#8T
M


]

=&0@6TUE;6)E



]



L($=R;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

X+#



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
M
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#




M97%U:78]


]




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M;FET92U

]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

86YD
M('5S92!R:6=H='


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L


]


]











;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S
M.&5F
35B
#



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M

3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


S$L
M(#(P

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

86YD(%5S92!2:6=H='


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]



]


]


]





]



M


]


BPX




]



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-RPX.3
L


]


@5&5R;3PO=&0^#0H@

]


#`X('1O($]C
M=&]B97(@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
M
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#




M:78]

]
M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/E531`H



]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



S$L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^3&]A;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M1`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



]




]
T1T




]





]





]




]


]



30L-C`P+#`P

















]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PS-C0L




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\V9C-D864T,E\P,C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S
M8E\W,V0S.&5F,35B,#,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D

M='




]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q







]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&]A;G
@4&%Y86)L92P@16EG


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M:6YE(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]



]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




]
T1T97AT



]

M92!R871E('!L=7
@
3



]








]

@-3`E(&]F('!R:6UE(')A=&4\




]
T1R



]




M
34N



]




]
T1N=6UP/C8N


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+C`X)3QS


M1&YU;7`^-RXR




M($9A8V4@06UO=6YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]
T1T




]





]





]



]





]



]





]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



S(S+#8R
SQS




]
T1N=6UP/B0@






S8T+#
T-#QS

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
2PS-C0L







M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]
T1N=6UP/C8N



]
T1N=6UP/C8N



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B
M7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13






M8V-R=65D($QI86)I;&ET:65S(%M


]








]


T1T


V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q
M-6(P



]
T1R

T1)1#!%


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


:6YE($ET96US73PO

]




]
T1R:#X-

]
T1T97AT








]





]



]

]
T1N=6T^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5,2T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]


]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@







T1T;W`^



]




T1T;W`^07-S970@26UP86ER


]






]


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S0P+#$P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#
O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^




]






]








]




]






#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE
M9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R
M7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\






CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
M




S0N

S0N
#`E/'-P




]

]
T1N=6T^*#$N.#`E*3QS


M

]


]

]
M

]
T1P

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#
O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*$1E=&%I;'
@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P



]


#DP+#8P





]
T1N=6UP/C0T










M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
M
V)?-S-D

O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






]



]



]


S0N

S0N




]



]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B9#-B

X968Q-6(P






]


M;'


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R

]
M






M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L
C$R+#0S



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



]

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T


]




M86QI9VX]


@+2!D:6QU=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D







]
M




3`L-C(U+#$W
M








M9VX]



]


M-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B9#-B

X968Q-6(P




^+RH@


M








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$L
C@X
M+#`W

]

]
M


]
T1N=6T^*#$L-S0R+#DY




C



]



]









]





\


T1T;W`^1W)O




]




M1&YU;7`^
3@W+#

]
T1P


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
M
#



]



G($5154E462`H1&5T




2P@
C`Q


C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



T1T;W`^2&]R

]



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]
M




]



M9VX]


2PX-C8L




]




T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N



Q+#0P


]


M86QI9VX]

]












]
M








]


V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X
M968Q-6(P


]
M



M9SY32$%214A/3$1%4E

M86X]
T0R/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


2P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R/CPO

C`Q


#$P/&)R




M9VX]

@17%U:71Y(%M
:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^26YD97AE9!S:&%R97


]



]
T1T





R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^

]



]


]


]






]



M

]




]



]




]
T1T


]






]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



T1T;W`^26YD

]
T1N=6UP/C0Q




]
T1P


]




]




]
T1T



]



]


]



]

979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-


]





]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N




]


M;7`^-#4N



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\V9C-D864T
E\P
C!B7S0W
M9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M3$1%4E

T0Q/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^




]

2PQ-30L



]




M

]

M
2PQ-30L





]









M/3-$=&5X=#XG
2!Y96%R(#






M

]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$W
2PY




\


#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
M

X968Q-6(P



M:G


M9#TS1$E$





M1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$



3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

2!-;VYT:'

3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XQ($UO





2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q



2P@
M
C`Q


#$P/&)R/D-I='D@6F]N92!(;VQD


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4V5R:65S($$@0V]N


S`L(#(P



M
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0@6TUE

#$P/&)R/E!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S



#$P/&)R/E!R:79A=&4@4&QA



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^4')I=F%T92!0






]





]





]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L





]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M






]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]




]



]




]
T1T






]
M




]



]




@0V]N=F5R=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]







]



]




T1T;W`^0V]M

3@L


]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]


]



]



]







]





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T




]





]


]








]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L


]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]



]





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




BPY.3




]



]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



M



]



]



]




T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
@;V8@
M4W1O8VL@27-S=6%N8V4@0V]S='


]





]






]




]



@26YC;'5D960@26X@3VYE(%5N:70\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]





]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


2PX-C8L





]





]



]


]
T1T97AT



]


]





]





]




]
M


]




]



]




]



]
T1N=6UP/C(S
M-2PX.#






]





]


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]




]



]



]



]





]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]




]


]
M




]



]




]





]





]





]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1N


]




]




]




]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M





]

C8U+#`S



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





M




]




]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]


#`N



]




]




]



]



]


]




]
T1T




]







]





]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M;VYV97)S:6]N(&]F(%-T;V-K+!3:&%R97,@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]


]





]





]




]




M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S

O4VAE970W.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7




M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3

M=&]P/D]P=&EO;G

#$P(%M-96UB



M9VX]

]
T1T97AT



2XQ


]








]


#`E/'-P


C`Q
M
!;365M8F5R72!\($5X97)C:7-A8FQE($YO=F5M8F5R+`R

M9V@@3F]V96UB97(L(#(P


]





I


]


]


]


]
T1P

M-2XP


]



]


C`R
!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]




]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


N



]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N


]
T1N=6UP/C4U

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F0@66EE;&0@*4I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

]
M


C`Q
M
2!4:')O=6=H($1E8V5M8F5R+`R,#(P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]
M



]


@


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F0@66EE;&0@*4I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


]


M97(L(#(P






]



BXS



]
T1T97AT






]
T1N=6UP/C`N


M960@3VX@1&5C96UB97(@
34L(#(P

#(P(%M-96UB







T1T;W`^
M17AP96-T960@3&EV97


]








@1W)A;G1E





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



]

]


]




]



]





]


2XP

]

]









@


C`@

]
M





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M






M=&EO;G


M(#(P


]








]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#`E



C`Q-!4
M:')O=6=H($YO=F5M8F5R+`R
#(P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M87)D(%M




T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@3&EV97
@*'EE
7,\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO

]








V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B

X968Q-6(P






]



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]
M


]
M



]



M86QI9VX]


]



M/3-$;G5M/B@S-S0L


T1T








M

]



T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960M

@;V8@2F%N



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M



]




2P@
C`Q


N
30\


M(#


]


]


]




2P@
C`Q







]




2P@
C`Q

M-S@L




2P@
C`Q




]

B!V86QI9VX]
M
T1T;W`^26YC;'5D97



V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B9#-B

X968Q-6(P






]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]
M

#$S/]T9#X-B`@

3`L


L($=R86YT

]
T1R;SX-


T1T

]
M
T1N=6T^*#4P+#`P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P

]


2P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





]






]
M

M($9A:7(@5F%L=64L(%5N=F5S=&5D(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U

O4VAE970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS

M1#(^
2!-;VYT:'

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q


C`Q

#$S/&)R/D]P=&EO;G

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3





]
M








]






]









]


]


S$L
#`P/'-P

M

M;7`^-#(P+#`P





]







@26X@4&5R:6]D(%1O($)E


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
S+C

]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C
S+C







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
S+C


]



]



]







]



]


]



M
34P+#`P



]
T1T


M86X]

#$S

]
T1R

]





T1T;W`^4F5V96YU



#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE
M9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R
M7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/E)%3$%4140@4$%25%D@5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY3(A$971A:6QS(#$I(A54T0@

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@



]




T1T;W`^1F5N9R!




]


S$U+#


]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#0T



T1T
M;W`^2&%O($AE(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]













]




M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
%]B

X968Q-6(P




^


M1$E$



M5%D@5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY3(A$971A:6QS(#(I(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




]

M1&YU;7`^)`Q-PS





]


]
T1R;SX-








]






]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



#(P8E\T-V8P7V)D
V)?-S-D
M
SAE9C$U8C`S#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S9F
V1A
M930R7S`R
&)?-#=F

X968Q-6(P


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$4T0T%)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/E-%1TU%3E0@4D503U)424Y'(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\





]





]




#QS


M






M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-34L




M/3-$;G5M/B@R+#
V-BPR




]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
38P




]

]
M

]
M




M:6]N(%M


]





]
T1N=6UP










]


]
T1N=6T^*#4Y
BPX-C
I





T1T;W`^3F]N8V]N=')O


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PS
38L


]
T1R


M9VX]



W+#@P-3QS

]


T1T;W`^26YT
M97)S96=M96YT(')E=F5N=65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^

]










]

]
T1N=6T^*#4Y-2PU-C



]
T1N=6T^*#$L-CDQ+#
P


]


T1T;W`^4V5G

]


]


M


34Q+#4U



]



T1T;W`^26YT97)S96=M96YT


#QS

]




]
T1P







M


I



]



M($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]





M

]

]

M96YU97


M-BPW



]




]


T1T;W`^1&5P


]
T1N=6T^*#$Q





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$R+#



M864T
E\P
C!B7S0W9C!?8F0S8E\W
V0S.&5F
35B
#


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M*$1E=&%I;'
@


M9VX]


]





]



T1T;W`^1W)A:6X@1&EV:7-I;VX@6TUE




]

@87


C4N
3`E


]



M:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]





]



]



M9VX]


P


]

M4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]







]
M





]
T1P


]
T1P

]




:6YE

]
T1T





M



]




]


]


]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$N







@4V%L97



]


M



@4V%L97

]
T1N





]

]




]



V1A930R7S`R
&)?-#=F
M

X968Q-6(P






]

T1)1#!%3T9!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]






]


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-F8S9&%E-#)?
#(P8E\T-V8P
M7V)D
V)?-S-D




M87-C:6DB#0H-

M9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O
M;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
M
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U

T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$

M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS

T0B4VAE970W-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO

M
T0B4VAE970W-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S@N

M/3-$(E-H965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X

 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfComponentsOfFinancingCostAllocationTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedToDetermineFairValueOfSeriesPreferredStockTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedToDetermineFairValueOfWarrantsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfWarrantsActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman Bold'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman Bold'
<font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman Bold'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 represents a pledge for a bank loan of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (RMB<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts, as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer&#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. While management uses the best information available upon which to base estimates, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used for the purposes of analysis.&#160; As of December 31, 2013, the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConstructionInProgressPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Plant

 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_StatementOfCashFlowsSupplementalDisclosuresPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times




<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConsolidationEntitiesNatureOfBusinessTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 represents a pledge for a bank loan of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (RMB<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts, as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer&#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. While management uses the best information available upon which to base estimates, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used for the purposes of analysis.&#160; As of December 31, 2013, the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
.&#160;As of December 31, 2012, the balance of allowance for doubtful accounts was not material.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Plant

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.25in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0px; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationSegmentAllocationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryItemLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryItemNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndInvestmentsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentExcludingConstructionInProgress'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfDueFromRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfDueToRelatedPartiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryItemNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_InventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PreferredStockDividendsAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NoncontrollingInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncreaseDecreaseInAdvanceToSuppliers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpenseAndOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerAdvances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMachineryAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForConstructionInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToFundLongtermLoansToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAcquiredFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ProceedsFromShortTermLoanFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRestrictedCashFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalentsContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConstructionCompletedAndTransferredToPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConstructionCompletedAndTransferredToLandUseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPledgedAsCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AccruedLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesAndExciseTaxPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The related income tax benefit recognized was $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. A <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to executives, key employees, independent directors, and consultants at an exercise price of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share and on December 15, 2010, <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 non-qualified incentive stock shares were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant at an exercise price of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares to the maximum number of shares allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan and granted <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&#160; <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of our common stock, par value $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 % of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of the Taizihu Group. In consideration for the acquisition of Taizihu Group, Shenzhen Redsun paid $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (RMB <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 ) in cash to Mr. Hao He, an individual, for 50 % of Taizihu, $ 1,522,409 (RMB 9,602,594 ) in cash to Mr. QingheXu, an individual, for 32.5 % of Taizihu and $ 819,759 (RMB 5,170,628 ) in cash to Mr. JinqingXie, an individual, for the remaining 17.5 % of Taizihu. Immediately prior to the execution of the Agreement, Taizihu owned 85 % of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of Huichun, and pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, Shenzhen Redsun acquired the remaining 15 % of the share capital of Huichun from Beijing Kanggang Food Development Co., Ltd. for $ 817,845 (RMB 5,158,556). The total amount of the consideration paid for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group was $ 5,502,181 (RMB <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

(1)Taizihu and Huichun became the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company on February 2, 2012 through a business acquisition. They have been within the scope of consolidation since February 2, 2012.<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_LossOnInventoryValuationReserveDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossBeforeExtraordinaryItemsAndCumulativeEffectOfChangeInAccountingPrinciple'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryItemNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsIncomeStatementImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossFromContinuingAndDiscontinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossFromContinuingAndDiscontinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PrepaidExpensesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 of reserve for inventory valuation as of December 31, 2013, among which $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 was for the quality deterioration of some of the corn inventories&#160;caused by extreme weather condition and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=clear:both;WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
The ownership position of our shareholders who were holders of common stock immediately prior to the Share Exchange changed from <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 % to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
City Zone Shareholders were issued our common stock constituting approximately <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Units at $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per Unit, with each Unit consisting of one share of Series A convertible preferred stock, par value $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share (the &#8220;Investor Shares&#8221;) and a warrant to purchase <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share (the &#8220;Warrants&#8221;). We initially received gross proceeds from the sale of the <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 Investor Shares and Warrants to purchase up to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 % of the dollar amount of the purchase price of the Investor Shares, on a pro rata basis, for each 30 day period the Registration Statement is not declared effective, up to a maximum of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 % of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement. Maxim also received warrants to purchase <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 (the &#8220;Placement Agent Warrants&#8221;). Pursuant to the original placement agreement entered into by and between Detian Yu and the Placement Agent on January 27, 2010 (the &#8220;Original Placement Agreement&#8221;), we engaged the Placement Agent to act as the exclusive agent to sell the Units in this offering on a &#8220;commercially reasonable efforts basis.&#8221; The Placement Agent also received a cash corporate finance fee equally to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 % of our gross proceeds raised in the offering, payable at the time of each closing; five ( <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 ) year warrants to purchase that number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock equal to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 % of the aggregate number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock underlying the Units issued pursuant to the offering; and a non-refundable cash retainer of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Units, consisting of 589,689 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 five-year Series A Warrants with an exercise price of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 per share, to certain Investors for total gross proceeds of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 in the offering in two closing events. As of the final closing, we had <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. In connection with the offering, we issued a total of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 Series A Warrants to the investors. Additionally, the Placement Agent received <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Between the final closing of the Private Placement and December 31, 2013, an aggregate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock were converted into <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock and an aggregate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of common stock were issued. As of December 31, 2013, the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding was <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 shares of Series A Preferred were converted into 538,267 shares of common stock and an aggregate of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of Series A Preferred were issued as dividends to the shareholders of Series A Preferred. As of December 31, 2013, the total number of shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding was <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=clear:both;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=clear:both;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=clear:both;MARGIN-TOP: 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=clear:both;MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

, of which $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 was paid in cash and the balance of $ <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 represents the fair value of warrants linked to <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 shares of our common stock that were issued to Maxim. The proceeds and the related direct financing costs were allocated to the Series A Preferred and the Series A Warrants (classified in paid-in capital) based upon their relative fair values. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
WACC- The rates utilized to discount the cumulative dividend cash flows to their present values were based on a weighted average cost of capital of <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 % and <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: -0.25in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=WIDTH: 100%; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
Loss on impairment of asset valuation&#160;was $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 for the year ended December 31, 2013, which represents $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 impairment loss of the land use rights of farmland located in Jinzhong, Shanxi Province, $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 loss resulted from the termination of the construction of an uncompleted building in the subsidiary Huichun, and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 acres of farmlands&#160; in Jinzhong, Shanxi Province. There is no active market for trading of land use rights of those farmlands and the Company couldn&#8217;t assess the fair value of the land use rights based on quoted prices in active markets. The Company assessed the fair value of the land use rights based on discounted cash flow and determined that it was less than the carrying value. An impairment loss in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2013. The carrying value of the land use rights of the farmlands was&#160; $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 and was written down to $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 to zero. An impairment loss in the amount of $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 square meters of industrial land with the PRC Government in Quwo County, Shanxi Province where Taizihu Group&#8217;s buildings and production facility are located. <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 (RMB <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConstructionInProgressLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ReclassificationFromConstructionInProgressToIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConstructionInProgressLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentExcludingConstructionInProgressDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentExcludingConstructionInProgressDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 million (RMB <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 and $<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConstructionInProgressDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ConstructionInProgressDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateBasisForEffectiveRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_GainLossOnInventoryValuationReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_FormerFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndInvestmentsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'


 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryItemNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtraordinaryItemsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

times

 <font style=FONT-FAMILY:times new roman
times
<font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman Bold'
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY:times new roman
times


times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionNoncashFinancialOrEquityInstrumentConsiderationSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParentBeforeFurtherAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParentAfterFurtherAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_SubsidiaryCapitalInjectedByNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecuritiesNetOfAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NetIncomeAfterPreferredDividendsAndAttributableToCommonStockHoldersOfParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestDecreaseFromDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestInNetIncomeLossOtherNoncontrollingInterestsNonredeemable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NetIncomeAfterPreferredDividendsAndAttributableToCommonStockHoldersOfParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_AutomobilesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_OfficeEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentExcludingConstructionInProgress'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentTowardOptionsGrantsInPeriodToBeVestedInOneMonthAfterGrantDatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodToBeVestedInTwelveMonthsAfterGrantDatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodToBeVestedInTwentyFourMonthsAfterGrantDatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodToBeVestedInSixMonthsAfterGrantDatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_DeferredTaxAssetsPercentageOfValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardForfeitedOptionsRegrantedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxExemptIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationInterCompanyElimination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman Bold'
<font style=LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman Bold'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsIssuedFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_FinancingCostFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsIssuedFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_FinancingCostFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsOwnedAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WarrantsIssuedFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_FinancingCostFairValue'
D*^RN^VRVU+W5,_&A@,F80E5%*@29?5$_O?%Z0NDJ(@ZB0@YH1[

M\M__]?$?Y7+I
Z:8(0];I9=1Z1)YJ
N0^=V=/E_2/^@?:B7^BZ:7VT-6-C2]



MUH57_ZR$]^JM5NLTO#J[U25I-_*7ZJ=?[^\Z9A\/4)E0UT/4C



ND=,I?-/82
M%P[U\+M7ZF#3X\XG]!\B;&/

BSQNW)H]$18HT/OW3
M!,/)NX7`5B+`5E0$MK()L)6]`=MV'ZAF//,?A9@Z'H.\4^#G]GK)U=VA4QE



MJ


4GB9.4






M!$3ZE7!#=&COD@/:[C%B^K;GLRY#5I&8E!4%H%(&*OW%_^&ZIKTYDKBHA
J&

NBP902SAWA.@[
MZ2+R-^D7:^@2]1PHLY(R-SXQ^SX]QX@^,L?R3<\M&'7$`%TA;Y08$UYP)K
M'@LOH$(J4X4TGX584.*4I\29!P.@1BE7C3(/#D14<8B8QY
@JAG%7/+D`




L09N#/DX05^+T!OV/8


MPNEH1X'3*G#ZX94'YWB&)@S]:7Q*!0EH)=H-$)E]'F^S411:B`4DCP4$6@.V

M\A[E5*?O





!1']3`-E?\T5#Z*QV^8






M6QW/
;_'6./QA@
\PNU*'E[#&Q1GSO(NS6Y9#LN1S?4E^/`OQ!B:[M@8V-($

M9.?7:K4(G6H3AP-T4HE.M4WH5-M?!L2]DM$`&LE.HTAX'+H7H[&G#(B[%1U&




MP+9EL.V#[78+MBV!;1]\XUNP\;QL7.I-2S.0!5P$D$4T]
M/-K(#/?0

MC'=R%W4]E^AWS]]GU=CD['@18KK.J:WI.2T_R&5H^

]HD6[ET\AG9W%.


-_=WQ*$.W[Z)PX'C;[U+&=WNC
MN?-BWU`^89N+9#WR[HRZ''<7F:$.SD?1*VHS;9T^ACQ<!\:<^*C&QE+`QZ+P
M43+_F#B&7AXQ#S

+YT:
8!'/!B)2\B.!TS)2HP_!1B^#E8
M@`O#CWK#SP')`<./&L//P8]UNW`8O21O)$`NRH_9@6?GODLH=MW.N)NJ;\@J
M[M9XP]0%2&!]C8!!GQDB0*$XA5(P`0Z)U@SZ]G?NH8,=MX%),28M10;X).!3
MV[8?O#YF4T!3+




:(#$H[.8!]RV

M//ETB&D/S$
*]SN!2IZ4QB%Y)4\1BX!*WC'9A/25/#6L`BIY^[`*J.2I;150
V/4QPW$(-0'UL/7/PEJ%X
M4'LH?

0JSM.U.CE]*!.(0,.4O;PG-28_6,])
MSS&BC\RQ?+,X24`&`'()$`^P=??BH,K'!.L/%S^17M]SI^658(T*N%1)V=C

^

MFMW$E8/'6NFQEL
&;!.P;0894Q+;)Z`Z@E3`9YF
?\\%P9_KO'D.EU
1N0
M\5%40+B5/BT3@L!!P43QG8.H^XA&B$/]0&

MC


C5N7BB)G<D7AR_IM@G\?_IFTD7$)3RH6_$

5DL


CQ$Q+IZ'_*L


E]NH\@TO
7*6WM[U8


%GEIR1W9\Q[=:%2KS59T7B[2R&;M)Y!8X;=;W-CJ40T)VG]D

$K(X+,DB@9Y=SGSLF0GF2%X!8]3N!HP.Q


`
=Q]I+!#DK13::GR=[L:$50JVQ

_]!-=-S9Y

I#G.&_QRK/''-JKZTN6=6/_VP2Y/K@RJ#7^

@VRL!S9!27Z\`2




1.98AB^83





LEEDJ0RC$;.
M9OE@[RRK
@
Z`__Z?!+

MV')L_&U



M4H'`-!S=

`('-XT*4;\.@P131_$SS%MU_5U



MDI:4+%6='U




.[76'2E*=[AKNCO?`*FN=[@L

MY#6XQ&9OY;SS]OXN5H+2RHM@J21=$I1\L!*8#IU`MRO3X?=I_;2'%-217Z
M@B2K=0V16IUT^IOU+;0]X$%G?AU2]'/_IH


#_L9L







M$8
)J]*Y\E$VJ[5NFETRUM636K5-:HW!,)6YGEU[)OV
M8*Z4PN0LSL]%`<V;8<NF3B;2]PT6KVOJWK((F$*HK\F;IPB$VE+=VA
W-GQ
M
9'V=X?&



$W)OI(;1]P)EXAW2#-PV_
-VM!7
M#EU%
9S6*RELSS6D!V.]XE_SL#N!$[`.Z9I8JV4CQL;8NZ'
*TS-;$ZV;W-C




Q&$&S=SK/^&);()_BY++#R%Z'&;M[F*O2;LX.`MWC$G'M8'5*G$A@
MTA4-U-!U7JZ[(G?P$'Z[^$:5&#DE1E&;:0C-H@^K'H^$X.
KP:NB-_2=W(D

M&\Q@$CW1^+X%^Y.O:9K![K%34<9&`JABSB
7%\P`+ICF=U#OR
LW7@;9K)=

M6`\DQ[$]OEG9;@!?A%R1?




M$&XPJ32_D7?AX2!]#XY=QS;!

M#9
PMP@G0\1WN?NGK?`WB8I_

;UMH75-HTAD8K/LZT$0;%@H



X[GWMP6F[L@2`FI`M_@S^Y

M?]GW;+!8%@:]-GS#9E9Q[HZ&']'VQZ8MI(QZ_F5BKU\=K!V2QPZG[Z]N&
M$UA;PD.UK5D#;;/;3BF6]FU6X_6`HF(*V+KZ]F6ZUAB(
SSYI/R]&!^3
#5

MWF6#LD'8;)_W@Q+]S



M5/SB2*-W2(?:A[^-9A^UVN?./E_T[GYZ3&?CXDO'E[TO5Y__^5/M4Q_9W^ZO

H+V[M




K.!.


M`'0A8
*'&KOQKRPPI73N$130575E]J*(PI_.
[GO
Z/+[.@8M

M


^ZW`%^H23^U&#U+4Q1'./A$!<4=P3`NE`4$@C
M0?I:H?'YF(QZ\B/VH6EYR1]BC]DX9?:__`8+8[['80F:PG201Q%]53U(6$
M



R7(AO+


&;66$5][^VWKKU^A4'









ML@


M0A(F%
D%2=O*TV\W`%*D1-F.1[9!:GQEB1`!H-='_]H0$RW4&(1VXDJ=(;

M9DA7F9BN3KPF689*D7N=8N7R7TI!7$:+3$GQXD!D#A



MVVVGU9HBN=^CRW(IQ/@P?#Z)#?*1AN0CDUD)''K[AGLI9E5@EW4:2C/Y:NH;




2HM\_L0`2#49X





5W15^


M-=1









4*MN`']65I/OZ#*
M*9WTG;W$N0:(T9)]-1[UENRSREMZOLC:E1HKSY)]QDJWXE;3DGWW0K='O:FU
*
BW79XQ0]3:@1]WS[F5^
M]

M$O2P3V(^BGRV'HG097'

M?]@@%0QB

8!H-C-D[)P4!P-_635#!R+:A$PD5*L7BS


3?ZP\0&P59


MDE

F]L*(9I@$F`H'7E)XH_$3I@
M08)/\5$4BH3(7L



MEVT
CIGOR_?^BI0GI
=NF*`#IA







M$









M

N7/*\UB6_YL



8SNHB0EB6+!5#'

?/1*F`D9[,(P&#,J`NTP?E$QZ3=
M)$D(QM15J;#J$BKHAV*$'Y4)+C\
51[Q9$S^/PS8K-J?+_*V`\I8'/4EEF$D
MBQ
^0HMA(=2S0CEADH3_S%H*IO0.&F++@OLJ`




P1]*NXF]HGN!&



\]9EX!YPW:KNCMCT



MZ/.DRBO_`3HNQ'(]BB_.[&&_Y7*`(ERH0C/[Q1^4/)
V,<.6`0;G!

M2@6H3R^(Z`&R
;$#CP9
#\P

MC!CHU&?.T


MK$I




2S8XN#`S1\JFP&L










M6K.)^KSN]!-U
MBVW:7N%='W\+2\D01069^Z
GLJHN*[
]CTKX\_:7/9&HEU'Y__H+=N6;MZ$-V]!QJ
M6,=4`D\/=FM`7V6?62&OF]`H\KE.&H89COD^DRRTX.K0W)P=42NPXB[I+W5



^X;_D




MC
Z_[E




Z@:6FXB*2+)N.R`'Z.+6.SUC[WX&.E\CZ/1?#9XZU
JHLV
M-S


Y3@HC6S$S[*
T%CK&1=X

<!!ZBZ)<G62XXNGQ1^FC8K)O/Z
MJ:O/3AUY[O
?
#(OE_-KS\G'32;]QR91/7M-^P79)$^)Y)PBF3
](9%A]ST[

*0C0[Z0@C)M]_7


MEKLH;^J)5:ZT
A2!K\AQ&+H':X7TJPH*8XJCRR3!()Y+!^7@+]GBG^5.FO

:*
M0O%Q=PW/\6YLI




U6QL2:_//2O!*9
X(_VP#\6C@V




4]

M7%XD7FV#BEP'H





MGHP18+@.:

^TF/#7.#]
@3&-7R+??#@WQJ+61U=
CV<@;NV-X'00KG
KR9


].M

]CGS'\2%!#/7K;L





O:Y$(9UX//64A(
DRFY
I%!'')*UPE1

I0:*



MPE97(I'5





QBJVTK)N%+@P458=MQ2?/D!F
5<L)J
M?VTXPI`-9J`+X_%J`2%YV&G;:GFLPW0TI$AXN%Q?^]-XHY+WR-7O`WK$Y(U
MK_8=0[UY\?F#O!R;X.'O\`5^#\#_&1F@O:]RW20)1?AP/[)Z*[HIUBZPV

MI1

E\&N%)7*0;^2&&YTMLU&5:4V/^/A6!EWH'H;0U&9#Q=


MQZB/`R+2.&2FB[@CKK21])(;?H!A.8S4RQ;33YR;TR)=GU01L$!SF5T'2;4
MO]?O@MY.H1?]3-9(&OM_+Q=&$0K3`E:4H=8(`;MA











XG'^D+ABC18V$I8*GUF+UN[7I;4'K=+:S4K]4/ZTH\W6N4@



M&U]1)'Y

.B?'M^@`'7


MKI=QL$!0#
-#GI4EB&9?A0`*BHI'94RC4
S


M*9\:Q$R?E''(`\#D-^D(X-.2^I8'7MLT8R;Y@'_+J4/7HJNLF`L4JX`[VPIG
M[^3\(7'-GF







#](


M?L`H^?F5`PLMFJ7XR_')IU]P9WN+;T5#%'.P


M^=5DN#G/\'R%BS8-S


M02(



*)GBN&@P[2NSYL9@U


MF%0`KT7BJ5I;JC?H:H/Q0'F$ME\^56M('6P.*M8P-7^7%9
*X+5(4%5K1^G]



%@
MJ/4F=)A7OYJVH;*I9PJ8G)LJ'LLX+)!PLY&:O&N+D*BDH%\%HDLZHVJR;[




2D%P&N1E*HXZ5R;]/I:
)4P2R
I6@ENL

ME(L)


YWSKQ&;K?;$^R=-J5^?


M\-;Z_WDGKON3@3;6ZVNP011/%%]MEOQ`F]380$8%^E9$K[^XKTZM0)N5)56#



K3H\_7A7^OE7*Y(;6V\BA7-/W





JWHT9LP]


MW+#X





/$`\HR`


LR#L[![K^4V/GIP=?KC1V\.6('?_?WT[./Q]_N1+8



M)4

M+SS[:ZP-)EU-G]0VIY!(N+4D7!')@@G9']1I1JI`LHKHUVH]X[/IU#9Y=J*X

QMJX7UO)B`KTJHB*K=:%
M_6R8





\^]$9;9_XWN


?/
M\40A@1RVXT4^
DOX_K*]K

M_95A_VW/(O;)]Z(%N^-`Q0N'6S=PA1'(+FTA]PU'D&LP\_QP#S[/V;7A?@56
M



M==3BYJ_7^)?H^SKIL
8L




M@Z`!WSJ6VXTU\)YMOD7!WHUA+-Z=I`QS(/BE'-MMK+[MECO(6VO%O]]A)U^N

76_?0G_]
ME&*?7X]


OUIYXHFO#/E5S$`4W



^[&F+6-MTH-_NCL]`HV8AYAGJXY'?:T_V0?[

'V^0A9!


F0
D[!27F



,I&
MG[#1(CNRL=09B`2IVO5`9X6CFT*.DKXUXQ\'\5*TI.18?\NV<(BUUK(YU;6

MF)7C-GZTOZH'*2KM$%FV`OF&N@=:=M@)O=#D)78I4AP0M+.!49




M0-I2Y


^&[XY

D(;#A'2%)C)(8K1N6
M$GO9M1;4;O-@);SM%JA$HN6H0M6*4`NTXX?D5`_'4XDX6^BQ@QO?-B
GC'S.
^(D2[PXO5W<X7.1NR%/*C$)@GL+A_\8K+Z\X!QH=XJ75`/NO64
M+22)/(D\B3QWKK=$^7WNBM2\2)
SPTC

M7Q4&C\B3R+
%KK.E;K3M8S4HF/UYU\B))J33^
MB#R)/!7&W^XH\I?QXT5QJK/,G/$PKY!]OC!L633^PVB$/;[8&_C[XO.'@:Q$
M?$OZE@0:30B3R)/(L]FZ]MJ].N]%<*IGKTVP(

MJTI5VR%M6S]X)

MWK5Q+?OBQ$\*(M



MF9.E`G@-=6)*A$]))X;(D\B3R+


MYT7RDN2E@O@C\B3R5!A_I
XI$XXRX4@.[TRFD:X-)B-MM#]0'J5$L4VCV/(#

M?\\\]X8=HD/\9V3:[





GTKX8;&?Z2#1X\ETZNZC]Z+DV=7)O):20I25(J#!Z1)Y'G+BMRZN1*
MG5Q5`$\E.:QTULYXT-?Z@['R5Z)7K%ORG+K'X3@K+




DE
B3R%-]_.V.\5#7B7NJ6_7A@V?NV76C1T_=
+C]6MNBH\W6BA1`++9/@21
M)Y$GD6<3%7%QU\X/MZ3_5

M`+F\KO^4`+G








ZY



80





;






M/^BPDR^'9Y^/V=7!_VMLXOX*8&LL62TTI:[\-]?&K/O+$




MLYA'LE@XL


KG`9!9VL46M]6%K[T%D(+X&G16P(/-'GRJ
M\WAK).\''VR-8

L][P[




MQ!_@[+B6X5L




%;2

M#7XZ

M+0/FNY/)6Y0\1JQ#K*/D9A4.`1N/AMI0KVTFN`K
\L`0
.N[6VAFTP967I__
MH/1
@\:U+%6Z@VW6C-8.F
%\;GJN:3MVVAHZ;LD=1J'G+[






4]Y\E$ZW7);:Y?NU?K


%
MOM


MQ@I&7Q?-BF#PP0Z#PH8K
NG1DZU3\+L@F
.^)]\L?._:N+8=.UPBD-
HC'S.








MTS#A36^D3?2)-AR


ZPQV

_W(2AL*\H-'85X*








8
W+L[).X@M

([)-8





MP]@B\N&Z``S4&Y^+Z!-[@P])XH.][OOSY)*#Y)+T1_W]6QD`

MWF.'XEVW8'BBC[7^P)/DEY7G;
00T+0



ER$;:3W(TX






3C


%O_`Z!FA(5T





M)U9

$R(U750:+E
A**F)

.#,_%EC`SHWGD&.+P,NL8FZ6?!7'4$UL:.<RI@O/

'P.'K?D:SZDP2XC5^E9THOD

M#?AQA9&?MC!*02R9NX[Q9%;BY2'N2-/:1))A*OJDF$OP&3]&J-]E?/8KN#-3
M0/ER?)GDMRE647(CUXE#G)C0L
]!IEW$R8D5EWAJN3[B]SPS29?


`.
M!B)]2R0!Q=ESL0$C.2:]098V@+LCMC/5DX=HG6$-J[SIB`?VC9N5T1;O#W%2

.S;-FK`&G

M6#$K_]8&3
;WW[?[#PF@Q
A%)Q'N
IW($AEUL?XO6L
#^UF\9.1WT;YF5:^O


_(Z.^%-YLYSF[]03/





@U21B;R9)BUD0-7U

)_44[1SN0423H4;D8=
6<RA/,&K!CL0I9I*U=,[C]EKL
ML^%_!:_J=]&'<[V/YUII0.A;






M

M0]/(I787Q#&2YVW&0MXD03@9ND.
[@F


M^71Q]MN7(R`7TYQ.3;


46,6THQ5$\]8&[+2^ZQO?7C^$:$JN?


Z+

TK%
Q#XYA?MV[-'&63[#WF?LA[,SO*2%<)83`KKEI1`$P69B,
MJPRPWWL@Z#9P`Y72(R]`99P(C&[!#`F_GOKX58Z=KC4<I$W)]+(O;MXN;
GQ*04Q!F#?B5PVG1;DH)AR0#,^<R/#

5S(FA8`@U+4*_3UG!$/1@)EJIAH6ZM

2BU:1#N$+9VN;LVP4+T1FJ8

NAZ8ZUI`+8)66VY1'^VPL
]CT
M[NZ0'2EC98AT2IYT$_QV)0PV&`,]KKZ-AV,FH[`-L%Q-A(!I2B59BFX4
<1]QG]IF:K5AXT-OOO#<I)HR*R[<

]&JUUUN8_(L]GX(^YK,O:(^YJ/T6
ULH[


M];.LFJE@U67$IE)JK]/=9JA5R[%)O-AD[!$O-A.;BAB[U89P_^!(G=QBQBWW


M6'I1^&YJ?^/6^U?


ZZ]6YY/



M$84!
WS._AMY&&P0N6(!_
`







WF_GD=G@77C7G1A#Y\0O!




Q!`8MXD
@'\=0`W\2GW
M?11&8*^E7_]A^/!XD%A2J`F-B:(#






GW3BV2EIY/BU
MD
=EOV7477N+AA8U@'




M$

B(.`\0;OB61(2C[/BH+07PI_S'`#U^








0S&Y[;!#B*Q3;`00=8-%A$D$63;D-@F6-I#




/'IO$A&'(%'O$B\6#NQ*A+FJ38OYX+/#=NUW1L6<G^^RU$]%<!K

B35-


ML0CX


L]Y+\ZSWV-7
#L2?

M-X+(7[*`FY%OAS8@^


SR[;`


MRD-YOQ#TMFN!!@OM6Y[8-]
L5A5K$5`

MQ

`M
ZCZ^URV)^'^GH.AN
U7IV=%R[P7F+I


MVBS^[Y5Q[E(_=DOD=T73E%^
X%!J'?Z


!50J(@=5EXO+#7M



H-\6P^+FJY;)6FF29(\9308O;)%VF$*Y=


7)V<
M?7EHE3N1V/=B[NG

M&K9:Q&9^]BUWEG)/?2FZDKT*C6^PERZ?VB'\9'HWKIAM4L&NZ4--[^N5[]J@

@YMC\2GW

M(#:XNR)B5YJG?O`
WQ)(L8&90P_[EF.;]-NX.6?1/?A$)HP8=N)BU@PV?ST'

U3^C9L1/ATP\94O&9\O'&_)
M\:

M
V9
PYCNK7B0A+CZ&1VDU6^



2DW;8Y[;$`/)P+QV&)9
1L3*&*LYXR$



M26!.EIZLEPPB
HBJC(D
U]AX36
&*4'&.C.PO[$WHP=494K$K3
IZMSV)UER


MEO#H-9D&+`YG-A#)HD`DB;(/CF%^W;LT9YZ#\0/Y%#S0$`

MC64


\Z`AR[$




F1HUXVT+9@5&Z.;H4

$Y$;




:H.K+0ZL-?1A\K3`I$ZD7H9I-ZG]@9$ZKM!ZO65J*D6WFU_
MSB?5?L$7HN.H*CFFXB5B#4F5JKYKAL\(E:J^6Z2]4<UW^T14BHX-<I[L
\2
M4ECS39%'HM:&4.N@
Z3@(5%K0ZBUW^FJWZ&@_18@U7RW45ZIX.*TRV&M
QN=
MB)6(E8B5B)6(M8W85
00I`KO5L@G%5R;=GFJC:A#)&(E8B5B50
\(M8V$6L[
M*KS+JRAN:EWW9\
W9_$\[UX#:[H=FN=-9=[KLF=4(%6IS+N==:'=_9^ZFX.`

I+^2D
M4N6.FNU2%Y1?CD1*Q%K<XBU_;JU6G^5BB%4`Z]%\HE2=HE8B5B;0ZR47XZK
M:&I6^1?O5DX+Z_4ILYPRR]N364X#Q'8GXUCO_=3K/SAQ2/]IQQ*.6XEF/4;S










;`!
1=E*VZ

ML





M/B1[O^N`Z0!$VAQPO\PL`:0?^Q:]W\@%
T#@]]P!1]$0M'W$3=F!N:^+#LQ]


M1:2%(K\H@A1P9#[;`4L

MV@0+V4&*PO*(-(^G;N^.


MF#%7W)\3TE1&VB-L]SM6R.P

3%+%M0

7X%#\DFVS:D+SS0RJB89W8B1406B:9O2
M@):C4GU&5
LC(`)MIKU?+=X:Q((D852TV(D\=\8D+W%@8H%)GB2-U6:4TUE`

MBI2_9


7--

M.-2;?UMP$S^$'KN%K]D;O;9

107PFN_7T!E+



M&[C(BGS



M7FIZCF


]S:IC/$2\.ER@$$24!B
M-)*`C8&E-3.Z2?Z1_%
7%D*
HK`\(O]$YW


M]

A&GX-]]


MBJ7GW`V








M--9()_P-/`+=H3/.9QUB#@;:8*`KCT:BTMVFTKZF3[9Q+5M#I8JHV!);`#VD
M8G\Q//;+-BW76]-'0P7P5.I'1OTMB5*)4K^;4OL#K=^OK1N)N2JB)]`5\5





O?6:\^25Q]^X&8DZ
M\_R%SSW.$




Z`4*X3=55;7O.[JWC;(5)1
M1

MX+6HAHGR^XE2B5+#]R.MVQUK^SW*SJ]?WVYM87V/_EU-0-MEJZO6NB2UZHA5






M*Q/D;?=5PY3*$X%1EI6V71B[NI\15S[DFIQ8?I4A^$GVQ6(


N%YV(IP9Z\/#`P)XO@
(6F?V$Z+)L0*M]'84QJ1DW
MOFU&#J`9CBXU@*4IQ1CL*U.;KY@
F;&9A=GL


M


M3S?0F]//J



M^L.NIG=I[&?]`8ZM^S
\NC5%$8U3+Q!%0K9[RUVL6&*WAA.)BE=
GN;^+:^+


M*&^P
BUET#3\'&

M
%XHNGCW;81%''*RXM+%SGAHLU47#4-
M7K?

=CE4(P*X+5HH`$U]29*)4HE2JT=/*+4UE!JLP_@U6-$HM36H++EC$B4



M309$K42MS:#6D389J3]KM9GNM+K

^-TQ[FRJL.T/-7V_

MG42=]U-G'TR[25\GZB3J5)`Z!V


MYXXQ(U%K0ZE5$8^ZVG/HR[@3M\M#MO]J1VR-XX7!#L=2U$!/)7DE+JQ/UW7
ML+:TWVM`^1X1+!'LFYXVT@=:M]^`HTB5Z+7-R






U
(9SSXLN9'[

M\R%ROF;`7?D&ROZFP=@F?+4)E@('HKG`$QJPD)$MNZ0/MU`7_=D9/`Z9D+
/V29'-CJZ6Q67$Q()B81$0B(A
M
0/]+)QQ/R`4-AB%5UYH.#N#P::F




MQ%%4`$\E^:1


6/N^:']M_ABEP




M'P/NV]







@K4$H6VR`-?0$6`X


MPYG/.9L;_P$P5K:4&^:
Q4/JWE5!)T(MG'PY.D;JZ':&-HAYI0D[I\=.A1I;
%OZ=[M/;]

NVEIMA7CO/P



-B6%%I\1K3UEA3E9W9TY4EA&TI_W4JHB'^)?]?
FX[Z
M^8KE\Z\B=DZ27KZUG?

UC.MD-H&DU,(A+B8
MN+@D2Z:V9OL4"G/EBNR7*Z\!;L2R;&':5JL$;#7F)Q\Y85@QWSRO20.<?;

M#.L[!:8P4'GF8^DYV8K!IV10NI03\;R\42%H_=+'WT^#OT!R-0C_+2?OEH-'





W#S#D6]S_^16@
M)'Z[P


M^7[ZEY4N)O^GG_V9X/%?/T7!WHUA+-Y=\ILY=\



HH[P7ORIZ9-%:.F!%?3D\_G)U<7!U<O:%G7UDAQ?'1R=7[.+D

M.0L]MO]6]N:Z\=^\8(/1]_!B[&][(I/`'?RRR0#($=BH7@N_@M/`F7+WZ=
M&K8#?-]AOWAW\(NOY:%B
_!




I&OU_[+UI


M?/H'`!=1$BW;

M)]3?R+5M]WO.7E`!;!

MMND36DZF2
MY#'LK`HT;[DS\U[^WK`[SY^N%U]SJ/]IZ(E2L(J-+N@VU.Z0_FKTTH$N22







@4?320F[H




T?Z07/S&)]N\D'#%?^R:\V[_C'?8F





N[3I*3S64H3Y<
M4S_/?T+^G9<5VB,SL*XWGS,#ZWJSGJKR,:VWJAVO/)Y[$LROVP%3+5R3WS&
M%\+KM66G%=HRF4%'YC@!)$A3Y)9!`5:^/1OGO`5+2J49^0&FV8X#2,59_'0
MHTGC/*Q3OIO'5$'(]S%'0M/RA\')]MP?







IDUJ
ME:+








[=3-VMPK:-+^FSML*I.
MSMA
_









X6ZMXB(V2^

M

MA;)X/G\W)$\4'5+95P_TO*!*]/_Q=R!;0+84*5OT'-D2-;D66QG/7G&$BA]9



O(R5:$DL



FU46[-
+&PD)\*S(J)L]1(D'G\;4<<0VF^B)
4$;\2D8WW#Z.$
MG_C$S:4`;1);R3]RSQ'G44GG(H<'/0F3=)4G/L^=M(2F++G26NW-S-\%<
MXL9SG41?%HT4%X-8M.CSTO-*EH_82Y)`DA.J&&'9$ZWR^ZI+*HYDWH7@W:1M

M

ML$62%$_PRHO27GYWF!QSS7^6CN+CC!+'_&6
CHW3^RPRTR6;M%/
K-WHC+F2




0_6Y9U
MV?3DU




M7+B#HKOP(].53!
7S



M/PK$UV=`X'$9GED4

/N73OD)7/F)#I1
G;^

RZCQZX2]YW$





B




A(GP/T&+\6=WRY.&F.R?*D'%@5'9P?[%MA)U]'GG%!QDL[#BT6
M&U;[49#`S


X%IE/WV(%N#][O8XEX9CA*54#G)/DER




U$/C???DF%:)SQSN9YX88)
M!

1Z6:KB3!?Q(ODLN7FX)O5@7ZE@GX#O
O/J@'D*W0U]

M8F6KJ6/9M2X9^
+G^=3+TGX:GU=(Q7YNM#L;]TPAF0/L

P
LAA+$UBBHYP7


MSL*A8B3]V!//7ET-J(6?FS\D]%YWDY2N*&N+%KQQX^30]W5_B&(E=!?&?2





J$0-2$7

M/ZE66JIFS!;A+54UBI-;(KF[U

M`GUHG_'J1YQ^OY#/M^
L(4T!$ZQ`!Y4$PX8D_SSD&+HZ*2)!)^$L2BK1_/


2]&&02/TVE@6A%






=6S4?)=CJ(%
<WN=(?J[J*K`Z9NX
I_S2^(LE+$V^.H$4;V%^A4-!=:SF/B


XN#T
MI0P0]T6C63OS(.
%1REKBU/8XX_3GW`WQ;'2R_+SG18]C.
F!]&%CR%F.\`L

`\2MA:

.I;/3%KA1%9EP_.BOB[)Q$DS---FV\RE--F2

842*2IO]+_@?+N7.DE
B7I4YRZPI[VG<^K..<!J$(
^!5Q1$]=_F3


:.2WCH9TEX`I&EN$H+P29C;]E@B@1*HIV3IX9/(B#2_Z
M





.=^G


DP?_

/MR&
NB#]!?U!O


P-C:

PJJ


BO*:6'ZX.5-9$F,0XG@UQC?$\8!YC0\%@5RI,?,@CB<M=2V7FA#'VVBZ
M118LNB7FQ'%M=SQ';Q+K]BTZ=@\4=!%8!^C-WHK-R$]R9F=9^KQ+HI7U\<*

M^S::;JL&;C;LE\;Z

YI\LS(18


4





..;;)AO^7N(\DG.XHU1OM]AR!=XT$^39.=U+8S
MLM5!/J7;Z2B=(23SU9?$..3AJB6R]#*&@36P:J$@&-EP@$!(%YC8\I@5RI
M
?







MK_'
X^-((%=JS#P(`DI+7<NE)@0!GS@JA-FYZ#=FZ]KN
MRDDA)\SJM=W9E)?%7-`I#8BU%`Q
?I2-!LKN&M1S

M8BR2\[+-@4!#T;JZHAEPODT-^9EC+`Z'LC
2XH#-$Z&/Q`%-9OUPJT=A%+@\



M]@6])ROWX1

M]ZN44/ZP]3B49R0F4=,&B&,^FQFIK.0.YNA.*Q)P#%@HI;9-?O,625H2H*)
M:R'WGCDK_%N2S#;[!9]N9//Y3A8(]GWFS_PO@VV[7[WWZ_!M8`Y$$KN_.O)



WZ)CW%424X1I&*/DZ/+V]O(+L^Q4\3^D
MS1Z0$
PQ*F6@5E\G-Q+N_(
[[YWX\H*.2/;]&^HLYF1.L.=O$R&K)Y?EC9X6

@X5*3^+GK<C^L`_`:\6]&SM^+9AT[6.NU2OV&5*=JM?W^

MR]&A:;JA$_A?W8#X%RYV?';G



*6NO3\AI0)^07]X5D

#U

K+D[/;G._WRIE



MDI4SL:'%PE#M77


MP%YXQ!9I]%`H+CMOZR.WRJVR;75.L`SD`5*?JV%[AM+IM+I_@20:=C?NJLN3




?5)Q=WS\25_I#%1%&U1V5!-`
MN+$0+@FRS(0T.E6:D3)`5A+]6JYG?#D:49
L=A3;;%#)0%Z#9-2.#_%D+H&N
MJ&IE2;&`X
8BN!S$=GI]I6]45K@@`UXE4;'ENK!?L#FA#O'FR[D[;3:M9O
@X-
M0H\(73NB#_PU[/E651LJE]
@2VWHCAUCK:

50ZPU;OS
E`'@!^



MD\#:I;?\(F'U1E/T?E_I]KJMSNN5@;R:X[4D?`[T@=(Q^JU&IR3*=&O#_\FI
MR5.NY]

RCS-V72A/F



O/_R@S=LV



M!

O
M'?1;:

M
G8#*MJK1G%KH9R)8S&-S3[RB$.^8SL;^XXU\F]V

M
X]8U$R2V-P[?
)%(CDU<Z7G)`U[4!5^TJOU^IC?20Q







M4-N


MULY+@_P4^;C2'$H`7VU50%57I4-D'2+K-?





K/O_98#]4'R/5$N3X1
M((^N
YX3((]RT-FW
TQYA]-1_IW:#$


I!74SD.@46`)\!3?OZU
MQ\QH_$YY:%



;;[:A1WP6HLFV&*L
MMP


ML../B



M!`;6FX%Z:QC8O

MTRY#/H4
Y

M3\OUBB^Y%PP.

E5X'FIA7K\[+=8\K









HL1'SK$?LF*UV?08'W19:
]6T='KP[M
MX.?44.&`GU.GS.4GIN-53CE^CF7P81XSV2N+$TP=NOQJ+#54R.JJM<_<CD\


MY!`:;JEA
=_L__BO\ANYK'ZJ(^P1-/.(S\LF+5''L-1J1N`&6K\4UOJEF
8M

M%U])@-P9\;#HR6*[OH]


MT#3&PI*!O)WG/]4UF[5C=)5!1_Z
5L`KX%6HUJ&F&$9E)4(RX%42Q5JN!RMJ
MA2H+

MJ95
[5NSO*B=2M*5Q2+S
'./X[2=R.7HC#K8X8
_=OW@T&:_RNGNLD5;EF%#
4:CNGK(F[=K52R<KM;K_F70+*

%<X&*-N?@-

`+IV2[

\`1X



M2A(P\`

M;:L[%@':6X9V;=!7C%X/


N.B

MS

X_:^KTOE(W`IO$K;1\@3PON#Y@C9-;0_L0!E+0PQTKL^2

@HNX
;!(M`
9:


`E$&OIVC]
TK/T)2.*G^G

MG)/1BG



SG7_)B:/SK;9OY&!
W)3$VTWA/N-
M<'02^%[XN$Q0:;K![R/L(EG-










G!LZ=NB(FMA9.@EL_3RO%L7F9OIG()



T\5^+F15
$2A58&[#

V1^YD
O



M79M:


Q





M8Y'?_QMV0EX@$&?W2V\FU+-NK%:.#W@U$@*BN1*ON!AWGL3[Q+48L:3?H:BG
M7)

K)9%)Y5I)




-Z5E1FM\J5J]+(Y(0:Y_3FR*CN@2I_8RP`




'8(6:[SI9?U#S




`*8*T/6)NO6\OU5Z$80C;R&B2?(&47P`I@





E$+)'XGQ4:_Z/\Q^=U
MP?]9HTL
4=R8WVSM



M'J(6XQIF-[#^







0T:J$UB1:P


E!^(2.!/0_P


M%]VSC]$;K;)


X_NJ4_9[9^4%`C;=.Q\W..*.S.T
MVATQUX?3OR2E!1@C*2U/G+OPC7!GAEC;M(78-5VR[#Z`!(2%!A*P-K0TYH!N
MD'\@_^2E!1@C*2U/R#_1]AS
/Q!_L
I`_#60
4^(OQ

R0:X9FC+LMSKY5Q*55USY8YY.@T





M?F%P$))UBH
V





]=67!7)2&O08*L7(\`TH4!J?5`

_8G



MH^JVT7P$)E9-%C`1F-@L)EX&$^+YP





M`*F-06J]-^#E6XB`U


9[Q.5N/7\E`:*)5_PF=HO?LH]
=PK[

!WU`)Z!30G1V5&78Z\H/

6G4?`P[%L)3

M^M3R+L2Z(K6C
(*!G2U;C(#6FJ)5$H^ZW'WHF[@3MT

W;^<GM9WZY
MFD&'8''R\/AT]Z/+V]O++PR00W+7,PDG-CG@/;[BXO3L-O?[=(Y6'IC^DJWF
MB\.K&S9LT[5M//,9C\9OL\N+K^]1_?4IW<<V4OGS#\ZC#A8MW;!'C*);?LS
M;%)G_'%/C=[/L&4E[[%-Q\['/;YL
W.Q563))#SU89O%OYTDZS\11CISO074







M0)Y

ME(%J2









MLEWSGU]__.'''Q#Z9?TVUU$/]:/Y%_RWZQV'/I
1Q/./YNF-XWOYMWPTZ1T1



MM5Q/B$FF=R2S
`U-:0U'MUN6+^/^MD[OZ_WWO&5[['K.8G).*+=+7&?=TFPJ

([O$]9R6$-HVQV#(3'']U%&5I+8)Z=MLI==3DDF6Y



MW0

G7G4)]6;

`7K4#M0/ZBJ
::#Z\.D[PLRC\A




M`&*@##'0K6X7&


;#;JMKN-'`+`;T








M]B.23/[LD7I*




GJ-
MO5\_\Y+R_V'_D9#$:V+YH7-+S(GCVNYX?C



G#]4Z8Z#)3-9OU*9,83ACVUTY@FY



M0@53KMW*A??VAMTPLA(


@
M.J-/'QC=P6.B(7^T11-8@+TZ'&XDLUKZ7F^_BNV;#?09?&^K4AH+L&D[JK:9






3J







MC9Z8)Y/=@O]68?+(Y?

M^



M+9V'O!OCJ\A\.B&AH#&MPIH9Z

N0)_Y;&F&C!/%J?(_Y

M



!:8117+



F@9

;[*?'`DUTC+-+
@VXK``@
+!$0JN

M8Y_

MAIQ%Y8;J


1=0.VW9#(E

MK3HG0






M'*T%)8Q(L\-9S!S;



M^MT*JZ.[F@]B=`JG7MNC:@DGIH\W_9`$%LRFL8!DAIAEL'89C%`G,J;QEW
M3+#(2FU(14\(+
9R1@NG0ZVXG+7$L)1/P1+0[/NR*C3VGQG?;43*`7W'GV



\B.B0

6;5,Y15/=-LJ!3.%DLYLYJ9HC;K]?

PF9I_3;-

MN[4CA%C5;%6%V3S&C5CN3V9D3:4P-D\502S?IQ
/CXR

8P(+5$L(M@0P'(VB.1Z35[B1AQM7]T(F)ZO7
MMI%=+II5


Y50XJ&?NAN&E$
MB+:?B03UK!8D]P1-





+HAQLUJ'6..#4=
M#6AH`-CK&RT!(KJAO\I^=A`$:8YF:GHW])

AX%3`K$[9DA%\IRJE=`@ZP#LAR'I
KDV




\\NSM



MM/SNU21]8U)U.04B02:#FVMV#=A)VA_=Z/(733@IGY;#BK_?+VZL,DI$@DT
MPW$L>SM8:8=!/([/HG!Z'L=SZC%2^H]$=9?^^X(KS

2V=355`IZ^WDU(XDM@FV%V^Z
MXUX,3I_`XQ8+-*_^HVT9M0U:[!M9*F5)QBCUK',)HK*=Z8V/F+Q6'*DH;





M;

5



-]@LG`=/


M_O


27
MG=U-


M

1QG.[7TINB/
M@&P+'KW9IIS62A;(


T
M$);]`M=6S93GD77!
]%L9?@!:IN85\L(*;SK5E_$
YBE8F]I?`0B
#HU/;J]



MF.&O[K
WG4^+J&[H66OJ!\JP8:+.3Q:'WXQ&%EXOZ!:OZ)6L+.0N$6\?BBQZ


9F%$J




MCB

<26^MZUC(LZ#[\^MY1`Q8C


M(UTK

6O]T@SE9/`M3:V4;
MFPAK\2V`&DB+E<F8EZD`75V3?Y72*JQ;.Q72*VE_<)5+RZ]?W$)5%HJ-J7;




@D'MZ#PVMJU/&5RNQ789-

MJ`/NQJE/;[5U






*ZU%3?@BT_;(T
MN?Q8(U<V/W[#,5F:AL%X64`CI!]MHS8+;]DJXTHB@YG5Z55'J.].7
Q+FX`
M6%W)C0]&-]..A:



M(^IP13\G(WE![(W2




M;D_9

M%V+1WHE@-D_/(AEW/[#_E%$22Y5-4V]29Q5[`&G=FVWC#E*8\;KETL2$Z?RV



+M\GWF&P\8($
M(]*ML^HAT'!OSI&A'0`@A&RUEEU`B2!:*T1RX267#5N\,/^(LG[
@Q30*)


640(/7HI_F:=A0;[T
N&
MNK4*?VP$M2WZLFKTB)Y]+*:U@'Y2]]#QG

MQAK]SEAV'E'?T&5.5W8R4'MD=V%S





MTK85Y&,IASYD#3$-O_`%!'IF9!IR=$
F82XB0O`].P[%*9D2X1R9M)B.UM



M*5$I`X2


MHB/+
CH%(65JL'T!`YAV\59C!R@D3@VV$P`MVX=0I$U,X2#((8\LU1_I1@
M2*1


MDS?E+?;*?J@CH*&:I;UC@)(

M@;VV'T)@E:ZP]H1
BDE@+_B'!C
$IU

MQO$P22+O?I[04MAWX6484)11Z/M$:J=!XB4OS3?QU;Y$57&9B![7-2:D4P12


M
`U`QS#T=\14;;8T=C.HF,`$SS'3%5FJUW--X])Z2A=\18.2N)HW%.-@W#

(!IZ.](Z^0L/IQS9-T$


T$IMGW%'JT2\6O@S8A(O3'YQ2D5[RSR




%
MD]







(CT]K+D6EI.G?
%&H#E%KX%C(77%W!*SQ10T`I9FZK:BH/,HT]N\/!`_J4AX!/\A/UP




O+0PA[U




MW[ZAZM:1HAW8@R2



*L!3


MJ;#TJ`#OE5JBKL-'Z``X^MXOVKTAZM8OHCTADW`083_M`3!S(UK@_SVO/RK`




_45VZ\VR
MQOMZ#^N-'9TAL_FX8T

MM@4+](I0P2)]=3DL^]:91P;'/GW-!N+U`O'Z]S

MXMO$33`=Y


M3%[AS^D4H\\0
KQ@CL=7
QRE
HEK&L1;3+YI]2QCH)?+M)+$U6&:S60:L@W=

ZMCCL.0@U




M+3&N2I3%ETNE:P1[7HBR])08XU-'6I]^GT(D.-BG-.G`DVVR-%#H1V-QI?


-V


MY
VL0=
$'VTE\
M!?SHRE$BO&$[C^KS1H[71!@A[#(JR@B9+A1A!]N+[&F1.0\N<9(I^$48Q\MC
MP?4GZ8DJ63LPGJX'D\565;;3:-N.X?#PMB5W]\SH:CD&[-D[JQZQ1R5L)`#





M9&14T#/'8.3Y7N8`AY


M7D





:`2'CHKL2Q







X54TF).W_O




3I.!_H#9H3W

M^$%(HQZK0]CP[RD94AP$7R@)@N6C;6@Y2]65!XY_HO[G\CMC2+_COLTSXT

M%.@#&83/
#B;D*EI&K
KA2NR497E12HW=%TBJ2O5
K-K?(
U5`Q-*4YJXW'L


E&]-N;E7






MH.4V2V\C-/SP%:7\V=G].Q@R]+!B*FY,A[0;VE4K@QCMO&0WTH@%_%9YH1%
M\[G\E;O%?$N2N2LGU:(;9Y\[(XQ1@H9\-/Q/./W``9,C\I'Z`!*'4ZH6$
M'917;7907K;9MH'9
XL]


E&=Z
MO!QK8V0;_97$_GK*2\2WZ%FS[#(%2IG)8K7K4TF!+5!G.Q&6I=F6OE?0R_Y)




8OB5JT^RZ82D;$1^Z
!YC3ZCV0$]3/3@G
MX]D)$-^3,@#&F/:_M*_B4ZK73]*G@,WEIY7-%+Q_2]+8(1?+Y`!9JQSA8/.]
M4IJ$GD?@N.*QQ]LVQBN:09$FA/=3G


M=G#C!CT8S8CBK=2_):CZ_[TP&7


M$/@1=IXF*/#)
SMIP9


%72M;0M


:;FMWJSTX*X899=0NWZ0[W]K7X*&XH2-\ME3=EUGL%B*0(NDWD22TL9)5T


I1Q@
%
MU5.Y!SFRUO+
$9A.+Z\N'A^?CY_Z5+O


\^L\:GS8
7DKPUH@S7/Q.XFJTM


ML3(;
9(

\*

MH3LWN;


$%`````@`$72$1)/`_KZ$$P``U4P!`!4`
M'`!D97EU+3(P
3
Q
C
]*Q2A

?/IR]^_#VW;][_QU^^5_O





%NC9TP9=1&F!H5M_P50?
MT*4N'P4Y\?43Q'Q+U^G3-CQ=KV4R&SPDHPQS1:CMA4$+%!=/V?F


M1#QM#E4]-+)`&/*GZ

NLFEQ)C%NG[LSV'FYB:DMCNC


O3J;U!QQB
MNM!V+FJ[6;'J(

M#VA9


IKT8!#;L+5-X#3%`0PH







`0YG'%

I.P#=JS1).=%HC24;3





.;%=X3!RB3LBN)^X4LCH

9CW!-L
MX[`YKQNKIBL&HVL.(







M+%F5M^;S5O4Q

M7

MX##?1@F`2W2-5KRO2U27SF:9

M[&_#




Z%IP?

M6WEP1F!MN02Q$&$[.2.ASQ5UX#V8$'7D%T^XY!O:9@OXS#B)DOS58L
Q^M



!)%[_97




`9HCF3%+C
M5
J,AO)I94L$;DLA;H$^='&B!('#[VD-_9S:?];OK4H6U`L=7X4QF5388S



M#
21T&V'*A`#&I0Y
E=+$-6(!
M+CO.EZX7OE




KN)J4^B






9UZ50`^)]41\'**_`EK

S$@K^WP?1(?YY-'#RV`V1_[RVB.S[!*[

M*Y.J^EJSN'F[L9H5+W7Y
3(``-#!8,L$+,I!NM7(7E]=/-O-8$HG0Y#N@+


M$W:O8I61:??04F*4'GL:B5*&'0$85X;@5M*H#4&[&YIBG+K/[T$_\2(*BNC
MF/=U-+90%!IP`H.^-.RKV)Y!%'H[)I,HB`W8U]*6YR:(J36;*'1V191D!KP

`L``00E#@``!#D!``#MO5ES

M__UZ@(NXA




M:I8)?X0MSJ;P@*PWNH47:\K.X^%E









MZ+Q
MZX]



M!!DK#?#P(:IBIE$L8HO



[

MNX
YJ%.'


&YOI0.HS3SB^?]!IGZAP)(B
MO-DVUO(-U`+:'=P_.&B?=!`8B&@\FR\TKGB;2

GL
H


G]0\)*
6&
M(E'*5801D:

85)79QRM\N\9S^(0&=NNH+)H&$
V;
:1
*=$^#`6C




5FI


HE$MX?VCP@8


M0R2YP`QX/VX64FJXO-)F!\@6UEHZ]J945:VU=.S2`F)::XFS#SO-=JC^7FM)

MM&(Z_5Y



M92XOLL:IQR!BV0-[97'!/B?)4%&'1#2\?T+3\3YN&$HB)F9+I,L[XU*A^3

V





M6XZX0*U@^0XPC;H/Z!R.D439#P-)J\!0JT$^MZPK[`7O@_IG;;M$;]%.K78X

J5^F=M
MTV.J`*16L1RKCW4#%^]P'
^+
`QF3VD09T'9W@PNW^6_HE(K/Q_^5LQMULN[

U10=?:?)XLZ


@\?P5R!ZSKP7G5V^TDVNMLE$8


VIE)AL&@=*(!C.


0A[]1XP!;%X




MO[Y)T@6NJG?-G76`%333XRI^*!`U,I_2\X%H2-+`3

M]E*D@PD_LLYC.)/R
!5L8)6L]5;A!M!V2MH('[5'GH(E%=DV6`$RTT\)D#

M6HBDMAM0LA9_]6BFC$IV1U64U



$;'L%QMB(IKW



MN6E*@#J\H-9?MX3
[34W27J5%


MY4]=%%D8LRR#






Q





9;%15!S*M^0=P7#AFB%



M6@8S`N&\F4+6&RVX$D2K@[)

W.V?5EFD'3B/K35NF
ME0Q$U`X!W?O0

M

V1JX0V$ROZ9?F,L`'I]]-[:9MU86(W*6-F4Q



@Y55!X^2UA'F3
M)
G

M&\O8X*=Q\OIQR


.4@]LF!7Q$QM
XB1*QK/'0.EBL4:%R2-J0#


M9/Y57(1)OB+#1(O7F@Y@/%IEM.5BA

O^-\`WN7Q.TW
7$9ZJP`TCX848TF9@++734@E
MKZ*TW-23EL8:`



7=..4
MJR.\TH.`[N\I5W92K@X[+CU_=6+32C&+-T1UI-]3KH`/3I4]MRE7I1#%F\*<
M=]3KC@?:

M1


MKGP?()G&1;8&SY5)*/9B;1=G[4]P@
DO^^W-IU?
%S/
ZSA!J/ASSL4G+9

M%.Z/B;`R
N?)30O*_A

EJ




MORB



@_`%GD9*M.P.!0`+-


M/!I(]:OP*YBHP?%U(`C/[6F$MGA.0UVWR7QE

MK(#).\0C'+78:B/]7W`)G;#_4GP4M\?U#X^\%DDUYZT8`



+2-3H+;[^TOW#DW:]Y-8P(X)WURQ&0NGY
M(8XD3NR

I!VT)K$C\?

MP.(B94#O3?C&?U)_R?!)H-D1L
_6E*$*GI-&+#7*793U=A2%9I9C`(%+@UOC
MNN`6



MP0
*(-;(!8?59]5ZL



N$EWD:Q'T:\B_%
M!8M!W(
0?E3Z'
P6`J80B!FI=72(-TD5-MASOB(7Z)L@G=X%L:+!X^8HGOVR

MIE-CZ-0\O1(`[^1K70`

MX[P%RO

_H^8X.?




MZ]@_LV@(6_07Z<5*:S['OD\?91/0B,]&9#6:=^VJLP-+A%'HRERR0H<_SY]
MI

.';+G[JNCKDLSG+32
M&\9`Y!8JH'L?DD[^
N&'79=VJ#H-;
JMA%V8FN
-L6P:0D%@7:?Z%;D@PRY:


MA(1OVF&:/=!*UI]_,HHFMZH[$2D2L?'YO0[!Y_(=,\T%*9&4:@$M
EUJE4

MVZWD?ONBC+56SD'_8WA?\)H@&;M/PP%[?Z47$6=S
)NA:0:?2O/%.2
(%+=L


MJ97[=_99N$_92Q`.%ZDO
+Y7MNLM_^;C%BCA\N&0'9MVP]74W[;*_YA]_5
M[U1+*W

JROAFKS9*[7VSEA7[=766U]\V

7A99GDQ9NO01N#A)MY_!^?+=


M_O+V82Z?SOG^%_/4-


MVC-$NQ=7EO5@B=XFNJZ(AH/[!S4S&4(7*)P5$2N[_L4*K\.B(S`!V1BPS.


P/
I?1$$KB4I
M&*+UK];


M.J*MX+!(P#;:WMW&[AGQT6.BM11
1



MMDA]
H-,#6;L.'G)!EJ26EC`F`C4/F@HI0$
M2*QY5^U(J4RW7-'[6+R\1.(<</D$P$;`.F4F)1D28KUI5E3^&D3%(HTM8^FK
M5%+X)/@'[7WZ
/@$.N[LJ+W*Y.9B-:']8_.%C\*HIE1;^\J4A3UI[-`OQ9
M)9L/$LRM;3

MWB2D8ZG'6&*4)IU+I'IR_[A*XTS;B:PHG?J9J_(E`*:WBZBN$)+J1'?;BR
M6O=^T;F3&LFR@BN

=&Z.%J55W
7P_
B3Z;)




)!`;ZIZ6\0N+Y#-5*'G+AHHA#S_^FT0%?S2=IG$
M69X6`TY#F6TV3L69=K76`[@$:F_6N%_5`X[(N4O+PNTQ.L*YH?O`VP'=J*&[








2^
U;W-6OB';5
G

MUUY?%.)3TQ0E'8

MS

(FE

TBD!575ZZ:
(EYZR6HUX+?

Q47!(]N@QB,$5&S#\2@=[5(?LBB()XP!XGC/%TB?/A
)Q3

[8L`?WE7G3#H5?K1D
M0'XN(S
;O)[YX!LQ

M?JT3QW`ES@\:I9K-A6B\&20
D!=Z^JMM%J?'I\[0_GA\!97]4O&YI$FRF(6
M6R,Y+MI!&I+W5Q9

SM61;O





M=.*]SK5
B&)Q:P


M8L]Z%T'AA/[))V_.G_?(Z`W:]
L1[$Z#JYFW`@0R!B.71262?;@Z;F)37Q:%

W_29OAH
=';;
MS?

!Z


M+4QS9G3D;


MY_'P:Y*S)0@=.S
V%R!34\[T7'=ZP.09L5Z=UCX#&&WYKOUELKGP79\X39NJ






`FT=+;!T)RO!8RQNP(ZMYWY`=

J\6T
/_(S
MW:XZO+:L4@\6C04.V8N`7'N`5-_='@=$N(Q(P=5;G,O59

M4E^-%0O
7&O%8RC;K+72[Z37


&1?



)8[!`P[ML8SEJ.4E)/R9USM$[.M']I)\J]O7CQKO4:_@

M_79:1TW


Y_C5F1:BP)F`F4&'.X5^PPB)I'
M1`?0/$I^^%N1Y67AH)H'T/9RP!@Q5J(G#)BYE!SH^@SRXH.!DSP6![-L9HU
M!T?5I=(EXE(YMO?=K.Y2.79I(#)UJ1R+OU!BJK^[5'9MJTX34.JX5+C`S%TJ


TG0V2M)O03J4??0
5@$N$#`N
M&@A
+'%CQ

M





FRW2%7?U9`9`*^]-S(I


MT.DWY$O.0#6SUV%8

]OI


#;
;X
-MEA4\
MB)H;U\-7.(?NHV#`IO)^]WH+`'C?!=\KBM8$'S7#YGTPX\3U1HO]&8_/X_E!
0

=D$HCUBC=?J=


M)@(=6')?AHWZ;!O*^SOQ659
R\=FY_'P\LGR3)DO%
]9&HNA[`)1U(@7P_

G@)\R!Z+^Z(ACQH

M&/;:[\#L'3PJ/SV^Q@#8WZ=E+123[K
EC$?/=K-ER$='TSMF()P$^D$)Y*
M1DJOE09.8O[_AN5
RU'1@
`=Q!@UHU7EL'@950HZF.0C`:*;3S
7NAA+8-
M')SKDO/G8_@.Z\E`


M

3
%L:0<LLB2/_\6



PEZUX4LEB0L#W
C
MJ0DG`=T$@B$:D)H$/;6(E\V.+[VT/.(WKTNKTWWQ5YD)J
IRP!B/`1K-6#6J
M\\5Y1

Y@X7@E83G'66C
M#M/7H;@V\=IC.XT+F%W^J^Y:%JL8EZ_JDA3YET`P%(CU[XR7;&/,_B!0:V+

M];$7$#;O?G29Q*\LS4



M^.&JUX:N/BF:!U!;9VXT`(;(T)L]8(M2I=8B'`_0_!HJ#00@EIP$%B(Q;Y8`

8A40XT!$8\\8L!FIBGV:



MMZI
-;$AXO1F_%BSR







Y'\-NU7:ASS!LN



D=N4

*CF\G2N;4+R%H7
M23L?^OG5$9ZBN#EOC`

@9JJOG:`

XR
M`(Y`XU5?\M?GD+TFKD:7@%KRUUH'X!$P@1*X!*A89*\AK-$.Z%K:`?@Z_;-C


+4-UEOB&W2=E\@&


M.?X)T?!F+Y[.M4*E



M

M^-^&`&FOF]:
EZTKV:&O?6WUV%&U7&V8`F!_&R*]J:C2:E;:*P;BN_B
4'MS




T&.1%$/&4P:Z++
_J

L')0I0



@?/


_FQIC


M:5X*@?UN2!\7QWXD;#2_Z:NQVEXB:=-;?_

MAMX9WK5T%GK[WH0X+HG]*`?5_*:OP&=Y5BJ)
(4G6+``XKX'*PBVF




M@NKJ?KL%D)Q['ZZG+U$R8RQ#=
/=09PREQ%?A#1#%+QSR_CJH:AR(1K&J7
:
V9ZG0TE9!')BE]$-Q2-




8V=SVP@:=HHSS
MV4U2I`0WN!9E7`:DS)$MV^0F3$8VNKTH3'=('\


C


:S07/;BW63
&)IS.M4*@.V=@=S4$ZU
M8^VH/F-!J.6Y`9%8PK,-N=$*GG,KP.92H_\1QMDD*+M#L30.YL^Y6.N(]RQ
M(M;F]WEBI0WLU4X1`*://KR.[%E0ZSI]^AD



MG(CEI[-_II]C?[E=1$P_1RXU^KJFGV
\B:8&W.^FGRIZVI%+XT`CII\C+4U3
%$456Y$9[O4N_:
M#N+)N'Q,()'(1#5`+HN?.?!AG5

*4KZ7XN2UW$HW




MC]8\SA^7MHVJ?1@


M55TVM(Q0-H74G
GI
DGCJ_`UY!CEVL+N2$XJ`35;M





M'-4(J]5?@4

'X


SE
`@8BJ(QP=Z_2/

?SW_.6%IZ4
&&]-%


G9<TS)B^JJ2<S_&T
S*Z*THF`@$+I[HHW11UHB'\U9EPE`7=Z1LWV?'



M:TF.
B9Y8R#?&MX*R*
L5*@)ZY3O0]SPQBO!7X6+V06+!Y-ID/ZN4!I54SE#

X4`**K.8+)Q:F`INU0&1WM7:4XL
G

M55F.

9`
5P)PG?)542$B)H=T(*8:-TJK<J+K%EO40PJ'M^Q(&/9
M39$7*?L')\6T_M@5IXQ5P4[?\[R-!C(BG$9KL3/*(\VI'K?UGJ8B1D'-4&H


M$+

(9+%YV1K;


KP5$+4Z&.7-Z4S:\$1_JI4$?X3;=5



]3


$XL3CH2F21^W$3
M9H

U+3`34P*<P(?PN%Z
MS+6K;4Q8P^`FA%V7[^=`S9!3=!
%V
NQ

JPO
M'GX#UQ?.:C1'XC&MSI)HMN'8Z^A8_=[U3Q9%_QDGW^)'%F1)S(:W658@(1Z*


;;V@:F.PU;*PNI_OB.0H'-U$2B


MU$HQ:LWGT`GHE#:%:X*;6+T-\5U4(F/Q!

UI3UH+K-SCZ

M!V4YAT


5
U6

#$S
3(S







MCE3`9HCNJV^__?9W[*^T:4;^F#'ZFV03Y$Q5RGXA80OXU_NJV7OXU?NOOG[_


MC]-O@W+N'N?]WAHKM:?-/Y]0_O0ZAW^G.,XQ&'5/Z6^%7&G/ECYB*!;;)I
M
8S`.2?IH+R
US;(GAC#(GO_'`0'ROBK;WZ'HSRK?@-3UC?OZ?3%O?$_E+_^
M+VJ$.=[C.+_=7I&83B`DB.Z2C


NP6G2@I

F[39#]&\V5ODC'J:8Z:`T`^


K)U`7DD0K5

6X^S-)BEH-^[Q!E


MS\XOGQ%A;O'$3O(H:$@P1JSI9S,NITKI.CBC9'T!Z5!*BD


0



YCN<M@ZW)/8XU-BZ
0[V


5DP-N.+G;.?^[8@9)IMB7VUA6I#TD?Z#/$6XG.%I
MR#T(9'($

MJJTF[S:C+?D
/V?\FYMD?RAR^MDC?Z;S9)M_H@K[TMV
.


TY(%A/G

M%U/VC.

E2BQ!^\K&LOD^(9&
N$U#7AX`


IN

L18W)DMLCS9X[1*
M6U
C7DAA?T=6V/=^O
%;HJJI)Z#7EZ#*CV09^9N2S(.@28&?WO:K#GBLNONT

=[G

@I
NQI4@L7CWDT`B
M1QSJ(UQ(8?_&I[#OO:N%54O/UB#Z$MS1


Q[?O/RXAA

%H1/[]2XM]JRU2ZE),Y--9C0)@]=C


Z(:$UHKBA



M?_CJ7U9?_^$/S'3@G__$_^F_[8A0V+^R(X.@S1I3(=MJJ*[@(37\7EP('2!
M(3LJ%E$XJPEZGL_T:!JB:`IW%TK&[NN)S5`JCW\I[$:.3P&Y%*2F&^L6D
M-`!D-5VBNB_



!Q$!Y(

^)4$6%WC6-





N+R:5D9J1&6;3;T\XXO)KQII)3WR6

3'/@@ARN5P_/N=&OM
[E5SV--*#))UU'!JM`-2D+M-Y1-)(


M?X#WO.1/5PPWMY^O

M0I[X

G8=

;K1[7SQUFPA[;C5\&
=$/622`F'!Z_B$@
5P#
MN8WA'::8DKW^IJ]L7B/X37(H6TC?5*[Y^1ZTG1A`50(R!![*\D1#4E*DD=
MOA@[3K!*)E++]%++EXJD]:KJ1-&ZUT$-](4LKE^3]/`MEII\:&96\&8Z\0
MWJ7)5GHMJ]7*^LS5[F
//O!7Q/_L
E%L:B]MSE$#H]Z=GX1#;G$!A%E2YB4O
(8IT&T
MCL-UZU%M-8Z5E/9=KU*6GJ/C%SEM4WC!_BG2=1Y)MT?`]$$7<_+FR#.\N..



ZS%\=[E%9D
2J[4DI)8Q^%2FPBPLUF`^8/`N]00M
^B!MO;K+@_TMU=W
MI&I3S6ZSUZ9M6^ZCSE)$I^/\DHIN]ZW661;!I%=A68X1!\`^5F'1@7:SM3MP

3!


MF97LK!I8V??26STK^EVNG%N]=X_K050




L3\014CCR0$-]%\`97FHNVZ)W


-A^G;

__''
8K
VI

M1P=#CB47V(8!QO+Z*16!6XH@\`U?_


C%L=AUC1)


_=/'.G(T#J[[5G.!7XMT/HY)9LBR@NZI#Q/




M_K

M






5


M]C:#8[H4O


MIX45U]`*]4BRI
RNAP?V+<:T28`@`;3SRU?<UT@L


NS)U(
MC'7Y3]M_



#48SW<W=V.F-_Y`G'G&IC3=)808_=J2/*`3

M^929%9H8('-97V)(FE92!`C
+70A+@9'4CU










7+E!Q%!RNIWM+TKJIGI&U8D,3[

MK'&=\38]CP(B+?%OR
?Z)&DJ9V\A7M+7SYJP55#%HW6]%]VFB/-Q.[%.%?D$



MREU=L'-OS-


(AOLN2!5E

?I#]OY#DUE8


MR5GK
*K'V*X
TBXMN3IM
37:%IT']MF60W

M49

D#
+6_61W%
M78H/`0DO/\/I$E['(2])P8I.Y#P12]]S:#%S[4KT)-;T+24S5')C.[UE'1G.
ML
P[]


?-=D*
G]B&XP)#LR08]X1AO29XQDFV1
S<9M$J8F%<Y[21=Z5#(1:^0C+J)$G[O
MD+'

M):6#.R


M'A3S

;I*UU'P!6X`_Q9



A&K)`=:4XGT28K9RA2)9K

KI0MWHC(YD2/1




M$3!X_T@Y(



JC3PUK4B;;=RG;Q8MO$)[<]O.BV\$)EGTO%
MY,![V0UA@798EGU1YN36A_'YQ_<6_D\]C'O#K!GON**Q#3V6?!HR?@#OO@.

]E@'&80[#SL


1PG9!O




N+D4

MLN

+EX%8?@0/(@0NR)'DJV)ZV!V:GT!9(*^!OE,Y%SL


=`

-:T/PNY:KG0T






$+I


WY/G

..


M+R:QU5D=FM)0[?FV\JU%&KC=41$V\!*4.A:0$5GW-U()!.]F0IQ:M?9J$E8/



AGZ


54.6
S''Z(U!QR:
M`SM:/?P]8W+SYNH$G\W'O-^ID.KUZ<-/L7K)?[GD\W`T4LA7?94/V!H3?O
MV3=\Z`6`E.WCO0B2')J/AJ1UXR?.#4#DL<\\UF0+Z&?;_HBSO2E6[-_086)


F[S:C+?D

A
M0S[6CX!



BP\`CD3Q-&X+FJKU7_E1C


M!IQ9/&S`PQ




MZN'



9`CH_



MFOI(NN)O+;^BG\K_]\::W$IIT];

M#V4U]*OQ;FC\16R]


ME

*G@0@U_M#0%+`YVU*
MP71(LBZW=XD\?,-O*#%WL;A.ZCV-D/Z\=)W0N2:S;H-D45(]AT!5;O&:^R

+H_K@D

MS4P6GTI*ZS:FEJ7WU
*1HJH0Y*M].1'.IFUI(K%K648PM#E_99@J`#(Y+JCM
M1TGY;C7475*G26A1.YC#=&3J.WE.Q38G&W2H)/37Y'R1U^X

.$)9K4K:/&NJ

X




M[]BM'T+=K?Z'(^90X+
/G8T$1,RL<P=6AQ8W1@=ZCN4)Z6S'.*X0X\G

MO24QG;7]UZ^G:Z.W/UFRK%(V&UQ7J.2[:A:EXR%UZU$&OQS`22O)IN^8R[9Z

M1/!MP












IU9OFA
M%:H_U0J'?'&


68.\5EV+R\*?$7E:WQ?)^%Q#!-7^YAZ$DJ3^0J
M@$4+IC[E

M7$[G

3LC9G+2TYH[&6%RUFV'EEOUU
GK&*G8Q)I;J
M9.\1/P

MNH4OSNS4].%H-W*



MP2\DB%^+(+YFY]\0O7T?Q



GPYLOGY.5W



MB*[DYY*@NZ80WL$!*BB06)+Y.`UIBTO+_!@$S`RO=)EC_L@S1GNYXQ6Q$$
MD19BM$CMXD9/FBYZ@`HQ
M2B\PU#!F/50I+Q0$W`TST.LR)^Q)M=G$3)\^O#

%@M0!F/U)3]@Y+WGTE:[`)R

MKJ3^PCM;

:A'HFI4_OYJ!/0R[AR1[0
MHB
Q*JD]LJH%I
0-






\`WE\OF2#@XNQ@=ZJL#\531D(2I*\K=)'LR89$2PFC5?YLJCR/.Y(A'/%;

G;^V
PHFVTG&HTW
MV!E]S07]SNVV]6U=#S-(ZM:O#$NC];4T`&M]NV6W&X2S).L);K8(9E1Z)1
M?D1/)*GW8#)^@FR8MJ_`/*OY4]#Q&6A6;IYY((DE2_V.THQG]#;W^)ED\&-X
M'AQ('D3LO3Y=AR.B=NMSA#)IN)TC+2J)^5M'2TWX8UR/MGQ-[]

N4,\^GS<M&<;39;&+Y!+/5NYX]P%]]
MV68?4&3[Q%&DQ2F97?P\_$.:%`=%/M=`2\M97$-][3\)P5,66M?1E:LY7:2


M+)/R2HXOL#

I(S\I*VHLAN?9+CTK
M
A+C+%MO?BE(1MASXO(2]T(*Z]N@XK[W/&?9$C6:.B^$I3D$W3T^+?V[!1#\

M(SME!ZH

Z3A+]A1@



M-$&LC2^C*])NV_E*53OI2`-OBIR\X&P=AWPK*\UNM^?)_A#$K_+QUJ.U?=BA
M)4__Y*
2^:M7@T.GREU4;7T`H`D3[<%Z*
MADEP_#.)?V%/`MR@(9:VH;D0%\'0%FV0K29'[#4ZO:7^MVVB$T1.CKHE$/#

$;9U'_)ICT#TP


#/2UGSE1(-K*LVO68C5W$BGD.K;GOJ!68I#M


MQ+_MMARF&YTF9CI-YM&IS6G
@KUWISQKQC[#;:A&O\Z3++_=EI?`0SXIB^9



MZ7K[74!76T!=M.J8G03XS
@]-5T_'K)9*
&CQ[^!3VZNQ5(UE2B]HZ*O5D
M











31OB+JZGC*_%_#\2DQS#
MIG](.TI'C]`NK[

TV7+Z_?!WY+T/`HR591EQ

E=[AD@HH%B^F

UGQB*'&]J^F#O6XM\=[;(3*5FZQ/6^OK5ZH%2*D=Z-6
M`0_[!3W/D_T3B7E%9?P




).+X.5)V\MB=#VEIUZ^B2W;*%$0

^+1G*V0-B18\H`U1Q0(,6MYI?<LEC?$S7.Y3

]Q
MAE-YD2L9D3O_/B2!T


MM2\J\#H



MD-




M/

=#/+D:.37RYOB=2;BN4E&MV
M2K'4XZO`+*=6-+3]=I;+G_;[*7N?F;5QN#XTZZ[+!9]&3]GOJZ4=K-X:BI:M

;66]H
M#%Q$D$9[@0\IWA`6#=.?(PP_P.


MI*RPZ@LX?(9#G_

G1DP%80)0O$

W%8OUM#



T*HZN_O+^_OT
-K1N
*




M


\A+

M(IM6/-LTM

MXK3:-MOM]WX7C;5*@CM3[\J208R/FLF)I[ZU?'\[2I/




M_%N]5B$`&GN)@;[NQ2@0*7XF'%S1P=*'0;.U.Q2T^JP``;3U$0-]O0LA(%+Z

ML






:&8AW%E)'TMRPQ`!R9XMW.-#\





M+L)9U7*%RK:.;]28]I\&`)2_X`J?U4LR4LP


M'F
F0DIG9B*616@FG
1G




MXJ$0\Y^^H/Z%IR

M[JZ6H



O
_B4


M93\)CP1PY@U[8[M'D\RW&.-W8JD'#JH8S+3
))@E[W3F=[
_#F*'RM,S
MGS#IB5QG44X1WKW;DIGO^-
C9\G+--!)8EY-H;=:U#ALUJ2WG\JL*5=OCZ&F
M@Z(?0QLOOAP`CY6PE@EL


VL_%K#M4VGS\?)-D&7O'

@





HY?@`E#D%NE$OE9W[4N
2=05NPD
!DEC@]3K8;

(
M;!HIP;4*#G7K+$\V/WN1KF@`V'ZZHC%:[9EBRSFL7P(2P8@\)N?)?I_$#Z#_
M71*%.










-;:?RS34
M8Z&K8


@\7K7B0.
MX@V!=ZVS/&6I_-GMIQB'Z_PJ(GDE,M*%^B1V[\.IB=5[WI8188:=O$*/GS
MLY287:YP_`#+6/F@^W!]@A?@V=;BDB

MQ-=95L`-#3CM)2]!CN^B8

HLNHK


X(Y#640N;VYWD2?NM6!C
4.\Z?(!





MS



Q



MZVMS=`T.RO2$&ZW+$4ZO12BO%OAR$T+9T6S)CIJDP)A?=7B3=QS4MQO&WFN8
MV:

*)Y(L]!1G+.SW@
M.&-!RQJZ_\R6[N7.



M)WA(LDV4P';8AX*$4!O)%_'K8;\A+W`=_!73P


;43G.7W0:[


S



MWYS




]H;(IV
W/@9[^N




3HT!HU2%'W:3@YJJRL
MZ1W*9\UJC%#9LIP1D+07^I6%WJN7SY6K#D%[ZX&?J-^]3.JR;'_5T*.5A%3U

RZHL


2$1PMLX9@)%ELB3%D\_RNN:%4O80
58NT5EMZ
6)T6HW/`TX.G*[C3C


%AKI&H`4@BU
&+YR3E=L68(Y0FN(\R:2W

H8&QWERA#;`)F51589)R
M*HHW41'B\#J^C?$/



J.*`



MM-0A;!I)`2A/T!


M?Z`M.[-QB@])FOM3GE#3UMJ7G$T

M@U(VN6&Q'9^:'I4



C

MQL3G8Y3E-%XE\-0R$?PM1H
E3D)*_8K8*4FV28J8OQE).U!$]/LOU)54



M]]UZ
1L!8@9+UTCA



M29W

PV
%VUA45CW_R

MOAU3WI+/=T&.-D$


MF!A5Z9^^]A5(HB&2@D@^/@M



MC0C4&4*_G@FA





WF?^.BR/]Y6$3)+F\2AS`V-8.;FH4=3B9=T(M5W&G[$@^<D
M9]%00SH?/


$_B5S?U[
M_2Z<G(<ST.Z2CH]W@]66K8\Q'Q/V:YM'`9:\XE2EMQ6&*X7E7JAOSY])VEJ
M\G/[SG'V?CHNM2'(7S!YWH&P%/K!

ME1VI=YL0Z\J;.E8UU'G5_/VP:C1.8=$[$J



M6=O$J;_


MD$EVF^]P^K@+XE+6CTG\PH+DY2J8F/?A=*+$$?I=P&7R7J!&-Q#K!X*.'!UJ




R;4M7&M;\(


2G*PDK^+B7KD)&)GMIXT

MS=AL5Z(Q:=



OA%$1-HQ3M-CJ.P@C]N@FQ'?XFS29)0\;\
M$\FY!#E.]TQ'\(_@.,YO-@X9.3/:B4,F38L^QB&-BK_^!2%FG7LC$8CAB#@*
M/YK%SO]^(X^)8Z4;=BB.M4\\\IBHQ`EA1QTA\-#_D80;&2BW0#X34Z_1$TI




MTVE+UBLK5A&VKM6UCCY*8K=E&F83\
E00)L^V0R?7=\[!ISV;.^R/0D
]_$Q
M^'R&8[PE^155CIEMSO4!Z[8[FV9$Z\XJ*!&:^`I1]JCDC^`#'GH`VVKJ.XJV







MH)-8VD7K-.E[P0OGAFIVJ
$/'1FB!D?/@#P#'%JHG@T+$R!^ALG?:!\NDN+G

M8^#;LL'QV)UN='\E$?W@![+-

M(2.&$][T[!NN&Q/@ZQWM9838UJ?5EI(8T760*5XGH)R!#C,Z#=:'N0'67
M@&:C9!-X+S@N,!0=:'218#GBA#0.H;N?Q]CKTOV-$$'&WN]M+[&FVVE+8




M1XZZ1;CG=%7*TEB*C



&F\EK^E.X?TFP/$V*U3HC\SI


MH'T$K*=_JR]KL(=@J\!#!\5@8N7,X9[/O01/F2]S%H=(X=/?T/O!2A5+[U

.
P0D1^E^

=LK+^#T*$


T<9.U

FL5U`Z4HD*8A[NT6MJ]:=/7J'T=I8X1Z3`WJD0



Q&1?[,LG*[*+`J^?,AHR;V2)Y,:<
MK$<6YK)VH5IS0)S%G$FJ.12/3:3H0L(1ZY(M@DB]%=(._D^H`T)//50\7=T

MP#;AF3;*C

L]@
MKNP(^:0
5J8`BJ@_G)+)]@`\WF@%Z/70;*\HAF:SV@8S?XVV*?%TFP5N)V6R
M






MC=6![_:OMYU07L?F#=R.]:`NFZ




UYX'V:[*`!=R(]B9?MUTC'2]M\M+1\K;[!!P`<*$U:<JH-\X%5G
MB;@L'3/[.L]5.&!Z\@;$.P0D!#E0HX#Y3O

*
C^M:?1.`W7G9=2*JK;[Y
5;YR'8<W]-<DHGX49_1O
M=-H*/^)<H^K)8E^T[LR6TYTP4&E\:H6.'T/-KR'^N6,``W;1^(J/UE6??.D
MN(H]98*#W?!T.AK]0*!SH#+M@HS^D)(-_J/[&61AJ^Q..59
\C1]&H2#D.Q*


?7!9)/SOAGL](QA[GSO9Y1&M':#*LZ(
ML4:-V*':FRR=T)$]\S8.GZY82C\-3?+23AVVP6$1]I
!C4&V-I6^!J;RQ$

LN560F
MV0W3/W42*V%MN9=#U<?0[?QT<74YZ?=K2CO;(YY%1D!3P-LECQHB57S(9
MM]?/00





M?GZ?XW3?D/8TW**NA.O)JVS2P$%
G1/_U.FX0*F3&.D!-3S$::ZPV8;!QWJ4


Z#LBUA=!KL+7A65QRSWXZ2#

M\F2/TRKE?HGPMO^-TXEP!_2S0)!;?:6^:'3*8:Z&RJK[1.`&:!3'VY_*F?@8

MC\!E+%O(S\S^=L+6CEP55O8%MXOI
MI;5$_[R4@+94Y6$.TS'.P+V*$@Q2O&!BL&RC8Z9F!F$IYT\3;C-GE/U.-\^
M6





N^X




M*6![9C@.K?9

M)AW=VX

@ZV,!7]C*P%C,$=J+V!XV.QP6$;[=5@N4
M.YP^[&B?SH*,;*@$%R0JX$(4DP!_SL]H;WZ6A&ZC.5J/X<;+WBM+4'(8ZM7
)6D/V2RF_:]/97*IIR]4+UF@Y0S6[4\`I&Y5DV$+^GD_;[

M&+W;/+%9A(035K^L3`.+
CO3!J(]2^-=8

M7DOKL.SWM0L[V@+Q)AZ=*`E4W`6
5+\6$P9YRC7?3'D

;?AIS(]N%(.Z'EDE6A%1U!F_&P


MI=/QM?R-._$=V^8$E+=
=#+$)UCJ]YADNR#^(290J@0R/O)+\'V'E&18PSSU
$Z(6)2I)/8.9V<U:_R
&+4)$(/OT(_\
M._V_.-#'EI+
+JC44O2J3W$*Q$D\A9'FX+3P8S0R$X#S9Q+_NJ
S\
]4JQE%

``0=/03=N8%L8G#*J4Q92='(.

MA&LE3]`3;5HK)H`/027
C*YV\VH/


J?/D\

/LDKDW&U
H=@UJ'`XM%MFHK@6RHZ.7

M7O@M67E0/V$B_GN%3N8`_RSY*E=4U&.*#+O`F&T&4F9H&
NZPBX[JE-81K)U




F?AHHZZKG0#9=09Z0HQ8GB^


MDKU;[/=!^GJ[?2#/
=M1BO

M`C0`1THD?7_7*OZT1JD'/(
AFC!'7P7IGBHVK(O(#0-'TM;N;OH;_]18MX,
M-0K[T98.TTS&=UR-9CNGM)H20$;')DC35Y:N41^V;BO!BI86@JV23(Z
)#U

MCPD\U0M:OH[CY(4?WB9)6-X^UK@S9\C$KMV;2M@[&RE8QFG%`1U9\)N;U5UT
MOZ[6C1K7%NPF#*KM=
OR)8GY$R[;C$\@Y;*CB5F3+JO'2TXR[5*AF.F)EV&I

M&3



';@N[Q[M:K3'O8NC`W'
MW&0A<M`)85[T`J73GVH*M9_3D$UO!8RTK]#`

UI)PXGI(DRW)RQ-7]_YE62OL7SY8W@0G;YQV[C^H;$




B#@/LMU=FKR0$(=GK[2/X75<;EW%S^M-3EY8)9ZA?2W)
MRG(J8Q?O14S3Q-`]'N(*I;HZ16]`ZZ(Q%^@FC$Z<EZ)=J*7O#:;`V_5KO(B
MVMF`=@X-[22U3H*:G_M%^CPV

#$S
3(S
5]P


M3%%(7$A02++\869JJ@`(3SX)$
A

M

T!?]_


??OBO)`[9`YO^4$S@[]G+DOWC;VFP6(9\
MXL7?S1


M;
_IC]K]4@'F;QM+4'M*''


3];0PH=N(0XV3









5OY?QP0
=H
WIZ3^NE(S0Y@2U


CY(:Y[L6FM:
DK;



M=@!`IRQ)F'^W$A4*I$!1R+
9M5
O_5*




-&KZ1[!:D(EJVJBY\81QW:M5J(A(S


Y'O1%[F9?239!.O/#?S$NN(_\*/CX(
8%C%?80WX3*B:#50DRA`@=#E

MA0NBFV==#50(O92M/RM4]_F7

MWK05DB

MKM8:+R[FYR$;3:O3*^WO%R_K?\1BZ!J

^^G,,7-_\]B/PX/X^A1=^SK
DX).\B6/_
K[+_$]L\06Q
M!QF-P.7@U*NIRU3UKE('I=L@/93M.)K]&42/7O35BV8WC.DQ+.O%\3H-SFO$


MYY[FP4K=D^





`4*-8V/6QP30Z'$C:


0&;2G8N+A%W1^O%&'SRB*XZ-



MA)VF!H$BTZTY=#IIDRW8$;1





-V!9O`_506[+H-7N]?%`%6F=F;:X_ZX&X($D8\^HI
M0-EVA6!)3M?AW3I-GKZ&O-$Z[)SIO%87)PD#'\.-&I/I8
?]U2*OA59D^M




2UJ#59L%85]K]M!*Q/E7U+V9PY#7C\7)SOG!Y[JC'3J$R%=.$
?G*\1
MXV/

MZB4G*C






MAA\H1@`
U2_




M!

40GXG
M#6/K4%+5&6U


`AJM!)&]O&
MR;?&I^_HW.TPIE&VH!;I$D0(TYTTNEWF:18O6+)Q$JBI1GJ
CTD89VIQ+8.$
MD-W-Z+7))

/<6?XV@21QG
'J8RV]0:

A)]9A%T'I
!A-G[QO





,T2@JT?O%(<VLVQ]G5&V#\GL@3-&18M8-D/6H1.<N

4265L!A(AZ5+]3A':49VGF1?P1@2'SI9[C

D?!`+#+ESZE3GH




S\(C^0
Q1J<PML1;


ZNOP69#@7[+UM!Y:1'4LF$H/FL/7RXIT;Q<YW.U8RK?:=<C1
MU@:T76GW0,:BI\N\CDX8`;)3





U^MNPCZ
MD.CYT8.3WCID\F

7R4G
MC/#::3D^)?%*P(A0$82F#\@^K+B

M16=;W:[PJ3GISJ(T1-6C-V
?$UZ$-HFG@6S3+;4:GY)XJV&T-*O3M_1:*XLS
M+W3*WB





<E+(418`#Q@$I%Q1+0^&RW]JOCL^[9L=L6AZT'

MT-PO55#+UPWM/

8TDKF9WV%H@$871MST2.G7L2$!7


`:HW010Y_[O^<JELSDGW_
RN/`/.U_8^X(WE37U4/
8



MUO`8J_%(NN:((-CN128UPHHHT8%-PLB+'
SSNDKV

6
MJD`+^3`[C&N/!N!)6-IJ

+_,XR3*6+(IL
MTBYI^9(92EO4`83XP?UV60CU83*)VFV-XJ[CH^.23BH9$)7[7@R9+W8WHJD

M4K&*O2?E-5:A\:@@#!)QYDJ^5





MHF6ETU
'


MOLC+]9JD4GZXL/@[0`

M

I*#LGU[]=<W<;*62=T3^MXX
M($9:EL'&GS@$8N,*AO0U9;6W6U`59`09%?M@888;145)*
L#VR9)Y
YWVK/


KB-=A[V%8M0W#*%OP:\


MH^


9W6$VI9Q_'1R7MKGWUQ
I^;




.GI0%RV)C[^.
M!CS%C?F7#S$^.B5AN+##O@[67GR@']F


P##13L6;H6SL!'#9W_&(1K-XQ

BHF930.D%HC)
+2JX

ME'.7O230'@2@D@B1J


BV;<`MCS^P?C2#28U^T/(B1<
X*\6:@


KK_#))\[@6O.'3N
M&QI]`;M3JY0VC_I@;-52@$5OV\)TQ3*X!/T[OPCB;`O`Q'2@U1W$X-2I
VI




XDWM+1Q=H`Y_I61CO
M?)^OV#


ND0+




M#;.V&VR]E0^M1T?XIEX?GJWGH$[]/ENG_^3//$B#@A^Y-Q#I`3(A8:K2=_A)

O(2;:__HKAXZ@\DB
1D:1_%S7%YOCQJ'VM4-Y']QN#)$@$
IERI]:`
M
CY;#T=M&QF]:`$WK5^\6&4_K#0$53L1)B\A49(09;KS_M
O



M



M)6')OZ3LSQPD=_W







Q%^D.$/Y-&V(`82




M%CA?F@27\;CU!V+OTF(O2N^]%ZZZC\$WQ=
T46

*


:S9'01`XMYB2K`1O#XX]VXCN*RP;7#IA0=7M`E[G#/&
M+VKGOA^LX%T%Z22
4^[HN'B!_[.
4R_\F
3Y

M4\6![#`3`

3ZX
N



M\?+)^SU.+D

X4CCP1&-W
[&O!NK
MCP1^+[S;/#]\#E_(QWB:?0695_`KSQM:_;G`2)QTZQ$M5AH3Y(X=WHT\:;(P





MBR]]8!

^I!$[


M1





D

1-JCU]0(S:VK*QE+:`@CX500:O
5`,7_&H;5&2RR-<R-\6*E/Q&;<*NU4@:Z_@4P`01!YR0N_
M
(%L1]

MTK5T8#F:005PI(!*'VDOUU@V$1,*.?.@=0RT36_D-*C.(YR^V(4'`N
9
M'EB4JJY#X@X@&!(.PT
KBTP:[27QM_!IN=]



M%6(I?=TB[PFB(N&H.+S96$
L-%)1(
PF3O&*K_RV+J[!::KA'M<<`\7V7MW5#`?4I+\4^=*.L
M%#K=06@DS(:&+.NJ@:X<2X*TKO0/NH'%O)YWGL)7W8-=69W

@






M1%XT:=%T8/@#('82!WDKIH-:V!&5HQ%R75PRF)_RW7M;A8Q_^/E?*`]5ID.



U/H;`OB(O$PZ/#
M?O(DHD`TY\#)1C8`UJS`XQ!2M^'SMF0$Z*0QCE-W)NGKJ=3-LE&T^MOD[D7
MS=@#;*VCJ#`81\5YD_O%G[V0[_B&MET:!`UB9.;F4G*#FI$P3IID!=COV=)



Z+
M_%]3]A#



!Q9

(:M`G.Y&:H

9@&?.FL
YP6$J:?KNM]5:*-:]83/(-L4@2/



G
M+1:SBQ25\Y9`29MAH3!6<26@E<$RUN6I*I$(FUJ^)*S#`*J`]9DO;3
MQ^JLVVUC6!DD#(PUUFL%@_W
131R2#[!:#D@ZLO!Y?T)H2M*FZDDWU.-&ZB0
MH7V7D`'MQ4FH'
7S!+^F.@6)VH

;Y




VRO`/(A82+I;%`BP]BG'8PKP)HB=
M
_]C'/M:'.]T`+F0L'W6Y%B`A42@@1V.BU?T6ZR/^7(9BE.#R#N`7&B=G;4X

RW+#30;
TCJ\UHSM@@6F-[M@848CD:U(Q96)71#-%]0MN^!6))LPX'4$<:J[


D[UUF%!`LF?KLDG

B

*C






M




)JQKX!G
MR7]+@7Q43BH-D'<$.9%X&]),#70PMI7UPTDNZ'R1ASR%S!6#R4^=9'G9<@*





[S+%@TZ-KN/W;DM]:K.IC86DV6BC
MBU?P?\[AX#?)0W[U?$J\E=\-








M2%4D@OO

9Y3+`6'8)9
MOT4;PD]W@SUC3)9


M5R:9JK3D0J#NA9:0)U8$
$3!ND










-



`
AZ7<CKHO%C'T_/XU).!STP:53Q?`=Q*:?#
M'A@W]A%]#W$IPUX8.JJ(WN)2RK[_(0W[B`T_6P55+^)2.*[;*
V2G.?_N(TR
M!@1E#U[&+KPT2&_BY'HZ99

J#(MUHA;0/M5#P`5P







T63U?V2;M
$P(#RGMTP]









VFF,_K!_G7C+36\C2CK`#OQ_:<WL*?TL:D2+IPN=&XJNG)4*1XU.)K0\6


_%;LI?[@11
M08[*JJ31F:

S@J=.-RXQ`
MD(SA*=$`F=M




@XP:1(





2





/[EW99LM3&U4?#J([.
^?X5#Q?(47\:+11P5
MBCN/0P67GAI
)$L7L.10(1$]^T*R^*570NMI8.LOPVU^9@'_LJ?YNJ54_3
MDHP7YKW?0+@*G@

MAXN5ZIMD-







=?Y!1F


RSM)#5D3KC*-Z+RX9$SH\Z



M=9
'2FCT`MCN@V/J$:@#K#VOBXT

M^CC6'0]$13Q&!OEN-@.
Z(:Q


@@]2&Z
MHN2

J/%)-D'7JX'
M@P;*G!V3R!9C0K97?1A]Z'8G_TPF;

M!8U8#
M[:\GB?OV-)9





RQ;&]P$#2)T
16

M7+.#V'_

SU.



M*$K`/GL+^.
3?$A2K\@ZI7S;JNX

M9S0







M9\5I:YFJ(PX:A;$4!K8


ML





-
M
42)*




M.6-+G_L2HIO$7FM;EN%:%G8#$777R*


MLDV+@$85:X\P_C#LGEVF%D:$\@
;[#13E6/5N_'&`+)[QA05'(2S`YO35!LO
M_VH\Q1=L=6ZXC39`U(E]#88`@73/5E(/)
+Z@2UFNBO5J)K`.HW^AV'WK!Y*
M/`AM!S9X8?GCMH;ZT?0U_QUCZR\(QI^B&P#OWL55'QC*(V*+F4$_QP&2?+
M./$RMKJ'

0G#_

(




AP2!
M=2_PP0YH1$MH6/4
\R</PY2H(<SB^







36WM3]L)/9;'


OW91J
M4[P21/N
!\







M_)UVL83L31(4X'OQLA.2MZU\D&06G!W#RBW(*HC28%*\@3^



M%-!;XHWV$V\


M*

M[@7*3V5JG




$2-:;L;1TW#86.93




S=EEN^)3KD6V*E&8?DU`8CD;.

MR/\

@AO_D?;M@$9L&V0T08Z9G=GX`)']$PG;9





MN`1(W)HUJ4(

M9UM(&JI@

)=0!DVL&










MB/`#22ND

M8C/N52)!\GH76P.5'\K0/EP^-&R


M**

MFN6_?N80OW@I*WCY_P%02P
$%`````@`$72$1





M65V5QGCI3




M4]_%@

MUE%C/UWF6_CC'_+-1P%V)MY?^&\@


^J

&@K[K^!GICC;V`/.+X:I%3Y9IRAK^7
3Q?P/_N


G
07

Q;Q;)R:G_
4SN_O[OK
MS#XP%N?#M^/A8-CM`'N=;G=R/UX
QV^M*4SN[K!OIK#8.80.]1D+$3QEB^
Y

M
S*&O)&H?
&MH



`
.H`^)K.@
[!9
E7XSTG



U+PN/OO%[/.9-8;CMEK
M(SY5ONL

'C'H-Z2N;+=XR7
M/UE38&5^VYF9%4;B@4!/KWW7P30X3FHIN2ZGH^!X\XZ_G8QZ_=G\O_[S^M5_




V;6KOI)AQE]*+XMYZD0(2I-.S3:4#GO





V?$M^6\
M5&Q=
3.EV1Z6[%ODTEMR7A1VL9@YTXB3[+M?60DY0\6C+40
F=FC%KPXWEV4

X4(1'$;DF'EQ+/MR]1=O2IR#@OQ

R&/.BV0DZ)2:&N(R<KN+)'\)3=(R9<2)?5PI\59@;KXK?.:GDRY@;

MZG(34;6XG








IL=4Z)%_K5)X.



Z^Z`-RF2''+-\'PN8
N


4K$/LM(E[%3M8S#`*QN+E18/-(LGHO*
$7B
ZB+L0A


#76-0JX$)6842!L]K#\?^'7L=Y9``6_CS:




^BU
MI$D].^%T


MPS]'GH
C<X<T#ICGI'7^#B/=E7:M&J`4]
M\#/Q?E_[WFH$_W81/C3#S)O(93F1.UUC\3&@5Z]T!BYH=ZT.@241;[]_Q'

TDCTFHA%ECOQ?`HV?YI(
MQTY#IUL_AL??)G7C;6UC**[ZMOHS1I-JXE64N@?U)LM
6UE96;+]5Y:T%*.B
M?#.\(@'[Z20YXCS

A\U.+
M@5T-6;16/=B/MC9Z*H-&9-/%BS%O1AO@9:!$]EN\X&H#/8?GU#5/`XEJ8)7'

MI(WI3X()^Z#_98!*O



M/!:)T@9\$9*DYQ^(]X^U'VD#O@23`/V(S+`^G9Y!(T#
(M`?853IA+L$DVBT


E#I3@:I.N'-OC+0%48V1W[8T0?OXFRT*?+/D%BAV^

#;[

-S
M]7DA5(0DTB11Z&_\!^+B`-K3^13'(E*!2)




M:\S`IIYAV_=LZ`44NX%@92=Y2'V7;(B7V;?5]*WF&5*F3@$O]&.34ZG14WSB


?HH_B_FU

M(#@Z@T^S+


7!


M?2D\L5!


MFBG\UDZ(4E1RY:F;'5)A@:3?4O*KPEF\49':I,`3RG;9*Z9CUD3D4
;?S+


@GP54B5CFA=I1+@$QE`L?TW
MPTPUQ)_Y2Y.X1F2)1;
MA?N%9:R!5NA[@9
=XJF+;'YY0&@0SOQ(HYT-U1`5
M99NSUVN.WL*58!0%@C'[:!(P#F
@)/#HK#.JC82*.$7OBI)E([:?AQ[[^B9[

:OW]0-(

MQ

A]CWT[SB+B7H

3




P5--Q]FC8F%ZOU





M6])R&2JP
V&BSJ6(672K\E28.'T2TEH`^HU\H5%Y)N0#TSUF/^EG-R'-T`



M(DGS*4_C2_ZX3]'U3;H=D.

CEN4MR!





_U^P_/$K\R
MS)I0#


MA]+6\28(X

+!ZA9^R+CI)`;SEVZ(MAVM[7`98P^7\-@
GKJ&




4``````1
M=(1$=749?)^``#WMP@`%0`8```````!````I(%PV`(`9&5Y=2TR
#$S
3(S
M

M$72$1


 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


