

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001144204-13-017770
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130327
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Deyu Agriculture Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001467746
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54640
		FILM NUMBER:		13719033
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9TH FLOOR
 BLOCK 8
 AOLINJIATAI BUILDING
		STREET 2:		1 KEHUIQIAN STREET
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT
 BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			10086
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 10 5524 1802
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9TH FLOOR
 BLOCK 8
 AOLINJIATAI BUILDING
		STREET 2:		1 KEHUIQIAN STREET
		CITY:			CHAOYANG DISTRICT
 BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			10086
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eco Building International
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100510
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Eco Building International Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090706









     





Washington
 D.C. 20549





    
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

 2012




    
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
    13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934






    

(Exact
                                                    name of registrant as specified in its
                                                    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




 Block B
 Huizhi Building




 Beijing
 PRC





 8th Floor

 New York 10019
 USA


 including zip code
 of principal
executive offices)





 including
area code)


 Block 8
 Aolinjiatai Building


 Beijing


Tel (in the
United States)


Address
 if changed since last report)



    
    

    
    

    
Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share



issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes 






all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months




electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes 


to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K.&nbsp;&nbsp;


filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated
filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    
    
    

    
    
    



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No



completed second fiscal quarter
 the issuer&rsquo;s public float was approximately $7
217
479 based on a stock price of $1.42
on June 30
 2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;The number of outstanding shares of the registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock on March 25
 2013 was
10
618
266.






    
    









    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder
    Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
    and Results of Operations.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
    and Financial Disclosure.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
    and Related Stockholder Matters.
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director
    Independence.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    











 unless
otherwise indicated
 the words &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 a Nevada
corporation and all entities owned or controlled by Deyu Agriculture Corp.&nbsp;&nbsp;All references to &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo; or
the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; in this Annual Report mean Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 and all entities owned or controlled by Deyu Agriculture
Corp.
 except where it is made clear that the term only means the parent or a subsidiary company. References in this Annual Report
to the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo; or &ldquo;China&rdquo; are to the People&rsquo;s Republic of China and references to &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;
are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.


processor
 marketer and distributor of organic and other agricultural products made from corn and grains operating in Shanxi Province
in the People's Republic of China. We has access of 20 years to over 109
000 acres of farmland in Shanxi Province for breeding
cultivating
 processing
 warehousing
 and distributing corn and grain products. We have a nationwide sales network covering manufacturers
grain traders
 wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and retail stores in China. Our facilities include modern warehouses
with storage capacity of over 100
000 tons and sophisticated production lines with annual production capacity of over 105
000
tons and 700
000 tons for grain products and corn
 respectively.


our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries
 Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co. Limited (&ldquo;Jinzhong Deyu&rdquo;)
 Jinzhong Yongcheng
Agriculture Trading Co. Limited (&ldquo;Yongcheng&rdquo;) and Jinzhong Yuliang Agriculture Trading Co. Limited (&ldquo;Yuliang&rdquo;).&nbsp;Yongcheng
and Yuliang focus on processing and distributing our corn and corn byproducts. Our grain processing and distribution are conducted
through our wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries
 Jinzhong Deyu
 Shanxi Taizihu Food Co. Ltd. (&ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;)
 Shanxi Huichun
Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. Our other wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries
 Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Detian Yu&quot;)
and Tianjin Guandu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;Tianjin Guandu&quot;)
 and our majority-owned PRC subsidiaries Hebei Yugu Grain Co.
Ltd. (&quot;Hebei Yugu&quot;) and Jilin Jinglong Agriculture Development Limited (&ldquo;Jinglong&rdquo;) together with Jinzhong
Deyu are engaged in bulk trading of rice
 flour
 wheat and other agriculture products and the distribution of our processed grain
products.


set forth below
 by division:



    
 &ndash;acquires unprocessed corn for value-added
    processing such as cleaning
 drying packaging
 etc. the main consumers for this division range from livestock feed companies
    to corn oil/corn starch manufacturing companies as well as governmental procurement agencies in China.

    
    

    
 &ndash;acquires unprocessed grains including millet
 green
    bean
 soy bean
 black rice and many other varieties of grains traditionally grown and consumed in China for value-added processing
    such as peeling
 cleaning
 grinding
 packaging
 etc. The Grain Division also produces and distributes deep processed grain
    products
 such as bean based products
 fruit vinegars and juices
 noodles and other grain products. We sell our processed
    grain products to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and directly to consumers in retail stores.

    
    

    
 &ndash;conducts bulk trading through procuring and wholesales
    of rice
 flour
 wheat
 kidney beans
 green beans and other agricultural products. The majority customers of this division
    include food manufacturers
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies in China.



for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $254
046
098
 representing a 2.9% decrease from $261
576
666 for the year ended December
31
 2011. Our net income available to common stockholders for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2012 was $16
008
670
 representing
a 7.7% decrease from $17
335
442 for the year ended December 31
 2011.


    
    



Unit 1010
 Block B
 Huizhi Building
 No.9 Xueqing Road
 Haidian District
 Beijing
 100085
 The People&rsquo;s Republic of China.
Our telephone number in China is +(8610)-8273 2870 and our fax number is +(8610)-8273 2870 x 8518. Our telephone number in
 (information on our website is not made
a part of this Annual Report).






 2010
 Deyu (then known as
Eco Building International
 Inc.) completed the acquisition of City Zone Holdings Limited
 an emerging organic and non-organic
agricultural products distributor in Shanxi Province
 China
 engaged in procuring
 processing
 marketing and distributing various
grain and corn products (&ldquo;City Zone&rdquo;)
 by means of a share exchange (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;As a
result of the Exchange
 City Zone became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Deyu.


we completed a private placement offering in the aggregate amount of $8
211
166 of the sale of securities to accredited
investors at $4.40 per unit
 with each &ldquo;Unit&rdquo; consisting of one share of our Series A convertible preferred stock
and one warrant to purchase 0.4 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $5.06 per share. We executed a
Securities Purchase Agreement in connection with the offering
 which is referenced as Exhibit 10.1 herein.


 2010
 we&nbsp;closed on the
second and final round of the private placement offering as disclosed in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
May 3
 2010 through the sale of 589
689 Units comprised of 589
689 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock and 235
882
five-year warrants with an exercise price of $5.06 per share
 to certain accredited investors for total aggregate proceeds of $2
594
607.
We raised an aggregate amount of $10
805
750 in the two rounds of offerings.


an aggregate 2
455
863 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and warrants exercisable into 982
362 shares of common stock
to certain investors (collectively
 the &ldquo;Investors&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;Pursuant to its terms
 the Series A convertible preferred
stock receive cumulative dividends at a rate of 5% per annum and can be converted into common stock on a 1:1 basis
 subject to
applicable adjustments.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pursuant to its terms
 the warrants can be converted into 982
362 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $5.06 per share (the &quot;Warrants&quot;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The Warrants will expire on April 27
 2015.


we also entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which we agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1
(or other applicable Form) within 60 days of the close of such financing.&nbsp;&nbsp;We filed a Registration Statement on Form
S-1 with the SEC on June 15
 2010
 and on October 21
 2010
 the&nbsp;SEC declared the Form S-1 effective.


 as a result of the Exchange
we changed our fiscal year end&nbsp;to December 31.


 2010
 we filed with the Secretary
of State for the State of Nevada a Certificate of Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation changing our name from &ldquo;Eco
Building International
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Deyu Agriculture Corp.&rdquo; FINRA declared the name change effective on June 2
2010.




 2010
 Detian Yu entered
into a series of control agreements (collectively
 the &ldquo;Control Agreements&rdquo;) with each of (a) Beijing Jundaqianyuan
Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Junda&rdquo;)
 a PRC company and equity interest holder in Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing)
Co.
 Ltd.
 a PRC company (&ldquo;Deyufarm&rdquo;) and (b) Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consultancy Services Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Longyue&rdquo;)
a PRC company and equity interest holder in Deyufarm whereby Detian Yu provided management and consulting services and business
cooperation opportunities services to each of Junda and Longyue&#9; in exchange for service fees from each of Junda and Longyue
equal to 100% (in the aggregate) of the net income after tax of each of Junda and Longyue.&nbsp;&nbsp;Together
 Junda and Longyue
own 64.2857% of Deyufarm
 and each derive 100% of their income from the profits generated by Deyufarm through its wholly-owned
subsidiary
 Sichuan Haoliangxin Instant Food Co.
 Ltd.
 a PRC company
 and Beijing Xinggu Deyufarm Food Co. Ltd.
 a PRC company
(together with Deyufarm
 Junda and Longyue
 the &ldquo;VIE Group&rdquo;). A complete description of the transaction is set forth
in the Registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on November 17
 2010.


    
    



 2011
 Detian Yu executed
a series of termination agreements whereby Detian Yu terminated its control over the VIE Group
 effective immediately. The Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors and a majority of the preferred shareholders
of the Company approved the disposition of the VIE Group.




 2012
 RedSun Technology
(Shenzhen) Co. Limited ( &ldquo;Redsun&rdquo;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding
registered share capital of Taizihu and its subsidiary
 Huichun (together with Taizihu
 the &ldquo;Taizihu Group&rdquo;) in consideration
of RMB34
705
000 ($5
502
181). The Taizihu Group has a well-established grain product line of over 100 types of organic and non-organic
bean-based products
 vinegar-based fruit juices and other grain products under well recognized brand names &ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;

we believe we can capture a more substantial share of grain market. 


 we formed a supply relationship
with Guangdong Wen's Food Group Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;WFG&rdquo;) in which we shall provide raw corn to four feed mills that WFG operates
in Southwestern China on a non-exclusive basis. Founded in 1983
 WFG is a large-scale modern multi-industry and trans-regional
livestock enterprise that is engaged mainly in the feed
 poultry and pig industries. WFG's business operations also involve bio-pharmaceutical
and food processing in 20 Provinces with over 110 integrated companies. In 2010
 WFG achieved sales revenue of $3.5 billion (RMB
21.94 billion) and its feed production amounted to 5.14 million tons. By working closely with WFG to meet its demands
 we believe
we can foster further progress in our corn division.


 we reached an agreement
with Beijing Suning Appliance Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Suning&rdquo;) to supply Suning with refined packaged grain goods valued at RMB115.9 million
or $18.4 million. Suning is one of the largest electrical and electronic appliance retailers in China
 with 1
700 chain stores
of annual sales of $15 billion (RMB 93.9 billion) in 2011. With the fast growing demand in commercial sales market for health
foods
 particularly refined packaged products
 we intend to continue to develope more strategic institutional clients to explore
more in the commercial sales segment by working with Suning on the current sales.


 2012
 we registered a
subsidiary named Jilin Jinglong Agriculture Development Limited (&ldquo;Jinglong&rdquo;) with registered capital of RMB 20
million Yuan (approximately $3.2 million) in Jilin Province
 one of the three provinces of Northeast China. Detian Yu
 one of
the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiaries and Feng Liu
 an unrelated third party hold 99% and 1% of its interests
respectively. Jinglong is primarily engaged in procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.


 the China National
Cereals and Oils Committee selected the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary
 Detian Yu as one of China's Top 100 Grain and Oil Enterprises.
The winning enterprises were selected based on financials
 environmental and social responsibilities
 quality and safety standards
business management and operations
 research and innovation
 and other industrial factors. We appreciate the recognition of the
China National Cereals and Oils Committee
 and we will strive to uphold our accolade by doing our part as a premier agriculture
company in China to continue providing corn and grain products to customers across the nation.

In
December 2012
 we received $209
231  (RMB 1.3 million) of Jinzhong city government subsidies
 which will be used to support
In
2012
 the Shanxi Provincial Development and Reform Commission in China approved the inclusion of the Coarse Grain Processing Development
of Jinzhong Deyu in the list of its local agricultural products industrial support and agro-processing investment plan. The Coarse
Grains Processing Development strives to generate social and economic benefits in Shanxi Province in accordance with the policy
of the Shanxi Provincial Government in strengthening the &quot;Three Rural Works
&quot; which are works related to agriculture
rural areas and farmers.


    
    





is set forth below:&nbsp;








the hilly area near Taihang Mountain
 at an altitude of between 5
000 to 8
000 feet above sea level. This region has a wide temperature
variation between night and day and a long daily exposure to sunlight. These geographic characteristics produce grains that are
rich in nutrients
 especially minerals
 rutin
 cellulose
 amino acids
 chlorophyll
 lecithin and linoleic acid.


    
    





of grains is becoming a rarity in China. With the support of our local government
 we have adopted the operation mode of &ldquo;Company
+ Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo;. We have the cultivation base of 109
000 acres in Jinzhong in Shanxi Province for the supply
of corn and grain by obtaining the land use rights of 17
 000 acres of farmland with average remaining use life of 37 years and
signing agricultural co-operative agreements with the governments of the counties and villages for the development of 92
000 acres
for 20 years. We have established stable partnerships with over 60
000 farmers to grow crops on the farmland. We provide instruction
to the farmers for planting crops and technical support for seeding and cultivation. The scale cultivation ensures our stable
supply of raw material with high quality.




corn with five drying cylinders and six warehouses
 the construction of which was completed in 2011. Our total capacity of storage
and annual turnover of corn has exceeded 100
000 tons and 700
000 tons
 respectively. We are also equipped with fully automatic
and advanced production lines for grain processing with a total production capacity of over 105
000 tons. The advanced production
lines and production technologies help produce grain products with high quality by maintaining the nutritional components of the
products.




 one
rental warehouse and some temporary warehouses with total storage capacity of over 100
000 tons of food products and an annual
turnover of 700
000 tons. This capacity helps us to reach economies of scale with low cost of processing and storage. Our production
bases are located in Jinzhong and Quwo in Shanxi Province with convenient transportation. The Jinzhong facilities and warehouses
are in proximity to Shitai Railway and Provincial Road 317. The Quwo facilities are several kilometers away from Houma
 a transportation
hub. We have exclusive lease agreements with three railway lines for freight transportation in Jinzhong: (a) Shanxi Cereal &amp;
Oil Group
 Mingli Reservation Depot; (b) Shanxi Yuci Cereal Reservation Depot; and (c) Yuci Dongzhao Railway Freight Station.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
advantageous geographical positions and exclusive agreements help us ensure speedy delivery of our products at a low cost.




corn and bulk trading with customers including various livestock feed companies
 food manufacturers
 corn oil/corn starch manufacturing
companies
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies. Meanwhile
 we sell our processed grain
products to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and directly to consumers in retail stores. We also developed export
channel to Germany
 Japan and other countries.




processed corn. Our products in our Grain Division include packaged and unpackaged grains including millet
 soy bean
 green bean
black rice
 wheat
 etc. Packaged products include: (1) simple processed grain products packaged under our registered trademarks
&ldquo;Deyu&rdquo; and &ldquo;Shitie&rdquo;; (2) bean based products under the brand name &ldquo;Huichun&rdquo; including vegetarian
products and instant noodles made from soybeans
 black beans and green beans; and (3) fruit vinegars and juices under the brand
&ldquo;Longquan Villa&rdquo;. Our products in our Bulk Trading Division include rice
 flour
 wheat
 kidney beans
 green beans
and other agricultural products. The following table lists our major products in our Grain Division:


Shanxi Province
 which has a relatively dry climate and which is ideal for grain cultivation. Grain crop growth relies principally
on the climate and rainfall
 and is not dependent on the application of chemical fertilizers or pesticides. Our simple and deep
processing of grains maintain the grain&rsquo;s original nutritional components.&nbsp;&nbsp;A portion of Jinzhong Deyu&rsquo;s
grain products are certified as &ldquo;organic&rdquo; by the Beijing Zhonglu Huaxia Organic Food Certification Centre
 the chief
organic food certification organization accredited and approved by the Certification and Accreditation Administration of the PRC
(CNCA).


    
    



to our farmers regarding seed dissemination
 cultivation methods
 ecological fertilizer
 irrigation
 cultivation
 weeding and
harvesting. We believe working closely with our farmers helps ensure that we receive high quality raw materials for production.
We also utilize an advanced product control system to help ensure high-quality finished products.




than 10% of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated gross revenue for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 or consolidated accounts
receivable as of December 31
 2011. Suning accounted for 22.6% of the consolidated accounts receivable
as of December 31
 2012.


 composed
mainly of (1) livestock feed companies
 corn oil/corn starch manufacturing companies and governmental procurement agencies in
our Corn Division; (2) distributors
 chains of supermarkets and convenience stores and large institutional customers in our Grain
Division; and (3) grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies in our Bulk Trading Division. Our
bean-based products are also sold through our export agencies to Japan
 Germany and other countries.


 we developed large
livestock feed companies as our customers
 but our customer base are still diversified and no single customer accounted for greater
than 10% of the division&rsquo;s gross revenue in 2012.


 we developed commercial
sales of our grain products to large institutional customers in 2012. Deyufarm and Suning accounted for 23.2% and 22.0% of gross sales of the Grain Division
 respectively in 2012 and no
single customer accounted for greater than 10% of the division&rsquo;s gross revenue in 2011.


 Shanxi Zhengda
Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Guchuan Food Co.
 Ltd. accounted for 27.3% and 23.6% of gross sales of the Bulk Trading Division
 respectively
in 2012 and no single customer accounted for greater than 10% of the division&rsquo;s gross revenue in 2011.




base in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province
 which produces grains rich in nutrients
 especially minerals
 rutin
 cellulose
 amino acids
chlorophyll
 lecithin and linoleic acid. Shanxi Province is located on the Loess Plateau in the western part of China. The city
of Jinzhong is located in the center of Shanxi Province. We believe the topography of the region creates optimal conditions for
growing grains. Favorable weather conditions
 combined with our geographical conditions lead to high-quality products. There has
been no serious flood or drought in the region in the past 100 years.&nbsp;&nbsp;The temperature difference between day and night
is greater than 10 degrees Celsius. The weather is dry and cold. There are about 158 days without frost during the year and the
growing period is longer than 135 days. The weather conditions are especially favorable for growing corn and grains. Grains are
highly drought resistant. We rely on natural rainfall
 and no irrigation is required throughout the year and no application of
chemical fertilizers or pesticides is needed. Irrigation by underground water is only required under exceptional circumstances.


in the Shanxi Province is 135+ days
 which requires only one planting per year of the farmland.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our warehouses have
storage capacity of 100
000+ tons and a turnover capacity of 700
000+ tons. We believe that our storage capacity
 combined with
our ability to expand our network of cooperative farmers and farmer&rsquo;s agents
 as well as the ability to expand our purchasing
into other geographical areas in Shanxi Province
 reduces our risks which may be attributable to raw material seasonality.



from farmers and farmer&rsquo;s agents by payment in advance or immediately after the procurement. We also purchase raw materials
from grain traders. We did not have any suppliers that accounted for 10% or more of total purchases of raw materials during the
fiscal years ended December 31
 materials from several
suppliers. Taigu Yonghe Grain Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Liaoning Jinchen Agriculture Development Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Yijiaren Grain
and Oil Trading Co.
 Ltd. accounted for 51.3%
 12.4% and 12.3% of total trade payables as of December 31
 2012
 respectively.
We did not have any suppliers who accounted for 10% or more of total trade payables as of December 31
 2011.




    
    








 food
for human consumption and highly processed products. According to the United States Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;)


 respectively
 and the growth is expected to continue in the next five years.
Further
 the global demand for corn has substantially exceeded supply from 2009 through 2013. According to the USDA
 China is
the world&rsquo;s second-leading consumer and producer of corn
 second only to the United States
 accounting for over 20% of the
world&rsquo;s consumption. The following table shows the statistics of supply and demand for the global and Chinese markets from
2009 to 2013 (including estimated and forecasted):




    
    
    
    
    
    Supply&nbsp;and
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
147
340
819
230
822
500
(3
270
    
144
070
    

    
145
910
832
330
850
320
(17
990
    
127
920
    

    
127
920
882
470
879
380
3
090
    
131
010
    

    
131
010
854
380
867
340
(12
960
    
118
050
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
51
180
165
270
165
150
    
    
51
300
    

    
51
300
177
250
180
000
    
    
49
420
    

    
49
420
192
780
188
000
5
140
    
59
340
    

    
59
340
208
000
209
500
2
300
    
60
140
    




 Source: USDA)


for pigs
 cattle
 chicken and other livestock. Corn byproducts
 including corn stalks
 are also used as an important source of
feed. Since 1997
 feed production has maintained steady growth. China is now the world&rsquo;s second largest feed producer according
to USDA.


 corn is generally
regarded as a &ldquo;health food&rdquo;.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the United States
 it is believed that over 10% of health foods are made
with corn or corn byproducts. Corn oil squeezed from corn germ contains over 10 types of fatty acids
 more than 50% of which are
acids rich in vitamins A and E. Corn oil is low in cholesterol and is believed to have positive effects on high blood pressure
and heart disease. Corn oil is also widely used in the pharmaceutical and chemical industries. In recent years
 demand for corn
for food products in international markets has grown.


processed industrial products. Corn can be used to produce ethanol as renewable fuels. Global energy shortages make corn an attractive
alternative energy source.&nbsp; With the requirement of environmental protection
 the demand for corn from ethanol producers
has increased dramatically in recent years.




B1
 dietary fiber and trace elements. Coarse grains are believed to be beneficial to people with diabetes or high blood pressure.
The Chinese Nutrition Society
 commissioned by the Ministry of Health in 2011 to formulate dietary guidelines
 recommends consumption
of 250-400 grams per day of processed grain foods for adults. They also recommended that adults consume 50-100 grams per day of
coarse grains and whole grain foods and consume 30-50 grams per day of bean or bean-based products. Over 70% of adults in China
amounting to approximately 665 million people
 are urban residents. Based on these guidelines
 the demand for grain products by
people in urban cities could reach 134 million tons per year.


improved living standards in China
 the dietary components of the Chinese population have changed dramatically. In general
 the
population pays more attention to diet and nutrition. Management believes that the increased awareness of the value and benefits
of grain products has resulted in an increased demand for our grain products.




industry
 our current major competitors are smaller and local focus traders such as Jinzhong Dexinchang Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Jinjian
Rice Industry Co.
 Ltd. and Beijing Guchuang Food Co.
 Ltd.
 which are mainly engaged in the corn and grain bulk procurement and
wholesale businesses.


 we
primarily compete with smaller grain processers and food manufacturers
 which are local in focus
 have a single production line
little brand recognition and limited distribution networks.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following table lists our competitors with their main
products:


    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
packaged and unpackaged millet
 soybean

Heshun Xinma Grains Development Co.
 LTD
    
packaged and unpackaged millet
beans
 flour

Hebei Gaopaidian DouDou Food (Group) Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Shandong Daogongfang Food Co.
 Ltd.
    
    

Yantai Yiyuan Beverage Co.
 Ltd.
    
fruit vinegars
 especially apple vinegars

Zhengzhou Luer Biotechnology Development Co.
 Ltd.
    
    









customer base in China
 including Shanxi
 Hebei
 Henan
 Shandong
 Anhui
 Shaanxi
 Sichuan
 Hunan
 Hubei
 Guangdong
 Jiangsu

ith stable partnerships with various livestock feed companies
corn oil/corn starch manufacturing companies and food manufacturers
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement
agencies.






distributors and directly to customers in retail stores in China. We are developing commercial sales of refined grain products
to large institutional clients. Our bean-based products are also sold through our export agencies to Japan
 Germany
 and other
countries.






Shanxi Province with total site coverage of approximately 1
780
000 square feet (approximately 165
000 square meters) and constructed
area of 500
000 square feet (approximately 46
000 square meters). Our facilities are equipped with advanced crop production
 processing
and packaging lines as well as modern equipment.




processing and logistics center is located in Jinzhong with site coverage of 503
000 square feet (approximately 47
000 square
meters) and constructed area of 144
000 square feet (approximately 13
000 square meters). The processing center has five drying
cylinders and six warehouses for the storage of 70
000 tons. We have a large rental cave-type warehouse named Shanxi 661 Warehouse
with storage capacity of 30
000 tons. We also have contracts for temporary warehouses near railway stations which supplement our
storage capacity. Our total capacity of storage and annual turnover reach over 100
000 tons and 700
000 tons
 respectively.


for corn before the corn is stored in our warehouses. The five drying cylinders are equipped with the most advanced equipment
for corn drying. After the drying process
 the corn is packaged in bags and moved into warehouses. Then
 the products undergo
insecticide and anti-bacterial treatments. After being sealed and air ventilated
 the products are then stored in enclosed warehouses.


equipped with advanced detection and air ventilation devices to ensure cereals are being kept in good condition. Ventilation ducts
are installed on the ground level of the warehouses. Once moisture is detected
 air ventilation driven by a blower will help disseminate
the overall heat on the cereals. Infrared temperature sensors and 360-degree high resolution cameras have been installed in each
warehouse to allow the control room to conduct 24-hour monitoring for real-time analysis of water
 moisture
 mildew and pests
so that we can quickly take corrective measures.


    
    



fully enclosed and have thermostatic and moisture proof characteristics. The cave-type warehouse is built with 1.5 meter thick
walls and moisture proof layers. They maintain a temperature of 10 degrees Celsius throughout the year
 which is well-suited for
food storage. Since no air conditioning is required
 the operating costs of these warehouses are low. These warehouses are also
equipped with infrared sensors that can accurately detect temperature changes and the presence of rodents
 insects and other
pests.




production lines for millet
 grain and flour at our Jinzhong production base in the center of Shanxi Province
 with site coverage
of approximately 199
000 square feet (approximately 18
000 square meters) and a constructed area of 119
000 square feet (approximately
11
000 square meters). These lines include various kinds of rice milling machines
 filtering machines
 elevators
 color selection
machines
 exhaust fans
 automatic packing machines and other equipment. The production capacity of grain is over 60
000 tons.


 in the
southern part of Shanxi Province
 has site coverage of over 1
076
000 square feet (approximately 100
000 square meters) and a
constructed area of 238
000 square feet (approximately 22
000 square meters). This base is equipped with three kinds of advanced
production lines: (1) two production lines for bean-based products with an annual production capacity of 15
000 tons; (2) two
production lines for other grain products with an annual production capacity of over 26
000 tons; and (3) two production lines
for fruit vinegar and fruit juices with an annual production capacity of 4
000 tons. These production lines are comprised of advanced
grain milling
 degreasing
 automatic drying
 packaging
 inspection and testing equipment. At present
 less than one third of the
land at this production base has been developed. We believe we can develop more production lines for future demand without acquiring
land use rights for more land.


 we have installed
fully automated production equipment at our facilities.&nbsp;&nbsp;Characteristics of our production lines and equipment are as
follows:



    
    
Production equipment for grain processing is fully automated. We use elevators to move raw
    materials through the production process. The production process is fully enclosed for protection against any pollution or
    contamination. We have installed equipment with advanced color selection technology for grains. We believe the device is stable
    and reliable
 and it features automatic temperature control
 automatic removal of dust and impurities
 automatic air pressure
    detection
 self injection and light testing. We have a cooling system that helps millet maintain its nutritious components
    color and appearance. Selective application of the polishing process helps maintain nutritional components.




    
    
Soybean food series production uses advanced technology of dry heat extrusion equipment
    in oil extraction
 oil purification filling
 milling
 squeezing and other equipment which undertake processes of peeling
    crushing
 oil extraction
 milling
 forming
 drying
 shaping
 sterilization
 packaging and other processes in the production
    of various soybean products while retaining most of the raw nutrients.




    
    
Production lines for our fruit vinegar
    and fruit juice include water treatment equipment
 sugar devices
 dispensing equipment
 homogenization equipment
 sterilization
    equipment and aseptic filling equipment. We use Ro water treatment equipment and remote infrared automatic filling equipment.&nbsp;
    Sterilization technology adopts aseptic filling and high temperature sterilization processes to ensure high quality of products
    and advanced
 reliable
 automatic and stable quality for the entire production line.



 combined
with advanced processing techniques
 helps to ensure that grain production is high-quality
 natural
 green and ecological.&nbsp;&nbsp;Additionally
a portion of our grains can be categorized as organic by the Beijing Zhonglu Huaxia Organic Food Certification Centre. We believe
the careful management of breeding
 cultivation
 production
 packaging and storage also leads to high quality products.


each process in purchasing
 storage
 processing
 packaging and distribution. We keep all items that are examined in the course
of quality control inspections for one year in accordance with National Technology Quality Supervision Bureau requirements. We
cooperate fully with the Bureau during their random testing and examination of our products.


    
    





as consultants in sectors including food processing
 breeding
 cultivation
 nutrition and disease prevention. Together with the
Shanxi Agricultural Sciences Institute
 Shanxi Agricultural University and their Institute of Seeds and Planting
 we have established
a joint laboratory for research breeding and cultivation. This laboratory also provides quality testing of our products and provides
suggestions for the improvement of our products.


hybridization technique for breeding rather than a genetically modified approach. They have special characteristics such as strong
drought resistance and resistance to pests. None of the seeds are cultivated using pesticides or chemical fertilizers. This not
only reduces costs
 but also increases the output and
 most importantly
 allows us to ensure that a portion of our crops are recognized
as &ldquo;organic&rdquo;.


$98
393 for the year ended December 31
 2011 and immaterial for the year ended December 31 2012.





&ldquo;Company + Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo; supplemented by advanced production
 strong warehousing capacity and exclusive
logistics. We have access to over 109
armland in the center of Shanxi
Province as our plantation base and we have established partnerships with over 60
000 farmers for the cultivation of high quality
grains and corn. Based on our supply base
 we have developed the &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo; operating chain of breading
 cultivating
processing
 warehousing and distributing our products. Our operating model is illustrated by the chart below:



    
    







and we are working on key new strategies based on our core &ldquo;Company + Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo; concept
 to achieve
a sustainable growth. With the industrial and market resources we have accumulated and the presence we have established in the
past few years
 Deyu has a solid foundation to continue to develop on its vertical value chain. With a view towards consolidating
and expanding upon its industrial and market positioning
 Deyu will focus on the strategic aspects of industry and market development
dynamics
 and plans to integrate new resources and approaches to capture its market potential. We believe a strategically focused
vision will help guide the Company&rsquo;s growth with needed competitiveness in a vast and fast changing market place such as
China.



2012
we strategically adjusted our business operations and development approaches towards sustainable growth. We did this by reducing
our reliance on banking loans to supplement our working capital for fast growth
 and instead increased our efforts to develop
strategic alliances with our sales and farming resources to secure long term bases
 improve cash flow
 achieve a more solid capital
structure and to reduce our exposure to commodity market risks. We have focused on developing our main businesses by: (a) aligning
Deyu with more well-established and branded livestock feed manufacturers to maintain our leading position in the market; (b) expanding
our businesses into other high-producing areas in China
 such as Jinlin Province; (c) optimizing grain distribution channels;
s; (e) developing new product
 expanding export channels
outside of China.




agricultural services is the key to Deyu's strategic farming resources. One of our latest initiatives is digital agriculture service
platform development. We believe our digital platform will not only provide our current clients and farmers with enhanced services
but
 more importantly
 also facilitate the extension of Deyu's value-added services to other potential clients and farms in different
regions. Through the digital platform
 we can achieve more efficient resource integration and sharing
 structural optimization
and strategic focus
 all of which we believe are crucial to sustainable growth. In addition
 the platform can serve as Deyu's key
branding platform in the industry and marketplace. We believe we can compete more effectively by utilizing the platform to turn
some key barriers imposed by the conventional approaches into strategic advantages.


    
    







and sale of raw corn products. The supervising authority for the purchase and sale of raw corn products&nbsp;is the
State Administration of Grain in China. Pursuant to Regulation 6 of the Food Distribution Management Regulations announced by
the State Council of the PRC
 the State Council Development and Reform Department and the National Food Administration
Departments (the commissions of the National Food Authority) are responsible for the mid and long-term planning of
China&rsquo;s overall balance of food
 regulation
 restructuring of important food species and food distribution. The
National Food Administration Department is responsible for food distribution
 guidance to the industry
 oversight of the food
distribution laws
 regulations
 policies and implementation of rules and regulations. Pursuant to Regulation 9
 food
operators must obtain permits and register pursuant to relevant registration regulations. We have obtained the&nbsp;necessary
Food Products Purchase Permit and operate in compliance with the relevant standards of food quality
 storage
 logistics and
facilities.




 purchases and sales of
grain food products are subject to the following rules and regulations in China:



    
    
&ldquo;The Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China&rdquo;
    (the &ldquo;Food Safety Law&rdquo;)

    
    
&ldquo;Regulations on the Implementation of the Food Safety Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic
    of China&rdquo; (the &ldquo;Regulations&rdquo;)

    
    
&ldquo;Law of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China on Quality and Safety of Agricultural
Products&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Food Distribution Management Ordinance&rdquo;



products in oversea markets and therefore our production
 purchase and sales of grain food products are also subject to the following
rules or regulations as they pertain to the food products exporting business:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



grain products. The supervising authority&nbsp;for such products is the Beijing Bureau of the Industry and Commerce. Pursuant
to Regulation 29 of the Food Safety Laws
 entities engaging in food production
 food distribution and food service
 must obtain
a Food Production Permit
 Food Distribution Permit and Food Service Permit. Those entities that have obtained the Food Production
Permit are authorized to operate a food production business and are not required to apply for a Food Distribution Permit. However
we have also obtained the Food Distribution Permit from the Beijing Bureau of Industry and Commerce.


sale of grain foods. The supervising authority&nbsp;for such production is the Technology Quality Supervision Bureau of Shanxi
Province. Pursuant to Food Safety Laws and ancillary regulations
 China&rsquo;s Head Office of the Technology Quality Supervision
Bureau supervises technology quality of enterprises which are engaged in food production. The Bureau issues Food Production Permits
undertakes mandatory examinations of technology quality for entry into the industry and is responsible for investigation of incidents
regarding food safety. Pursuant to Regulation 29 of the Food Safety Laws
 entities engaging in food production
 food distribution
and food service
 must obtain the Food Production Permit
 Food Distribution Permit and Food Service Permit. Those who have obtained
the Food Production Permit are authorized to operate food production businesses and are not required to apply for a Food Distribution
Permit. Deyu has also obtained the nation&rsquo;s Industrial Production Permit from the Technology Quality Supervision Bureau
(Cereals: QS140701040051 and Flour: QS140701016210). Our food labeling complies with the Interim Measures for Labeling of Food
Products of Enterprises in Shanxi Province and GB7718-1994 Standards for Food Products Labeling and has obtained the relevant
registration certificate (Record number SB/1407000-009-01).


    
    





&ldquo;Deyu&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Shitie&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;
 &ldquo;LongQuan Villa&rdquo; and &ldquo;Fushite&rdquo;
 we do
not own any patents
 trademarks
 licenses or franchises on our products or processes.&nbsp;We produce processed foods and therefore
patents
 trademarks and licenses are not necessary for our business operations.&nbsp;&nbsp;We also own the rights to the domain
name 
 which is currently in good standing.




time employees and varying numbers of part-time employees working on a seasonal basis.




and as such
 are not required to provide this information.








Jinzhong and Quwo of Shanxi Province with total site coverage of approximately 1
780
000 square feet (approximately 165
000 square
meters) and constructed area of 482
000 square feet (approximately 45
000 square meters). We owned a modern processing center
with five drying cylinders for corn and the six warehouses for storage of 70
000 tons and have a large rental warehouse named
the Shanxi 661 Warehouse with a storage capacity of 30
000 tons
 of which the total capacity of annual turnover may reach more
than 700
000 tons. We have eight production lines for grain processing with total production capacity of over 105
000 tons. Our
facilities are equipped with advanced crop production
 processing and packaging lines as well as modern equipment.


the PRC
 the PRC Government owns all land.&nbsp; We own the following land use rights for farmland and/or industrial lands: (1)
land use rights of farmland in Jinzhong Shanxi consisting of 17
000 acres (approximately 70
000
000 square meters) for the remaining
average of 37 years; (2) land use right of the industrial land in Quwo
 Shanxi consisting of 1
076
000 square feet (approximately
100
000 square meters) for the remaining 44 years (3) land use right of the industrial land in Yuci District of Jinzhong
 Shanxi
consisting of 504
000 square feet (approximately 47
000 square meters) for the remaining 48 years; (4) land use right of the industrial
land in Shanzhuangtou
 Jinzhong Deyu of 125
000 square feet (approximately 12
000 square meters) for the remaining 25 years; (5)
land use right of the industrial land in Shanzhuangtou
 Jinzhong Deyu of 73
000 square feet (approximately 6
800 square meters)
for the remaining 49 years.



On
February 12
 2012
s former Chief Financial Officer
alleged that the Company may have violated certain state and federal laws and regulations and upon receipt of such allegations
the Company's Audit Committee retained counsel to conduct an inquiry into such allegations. On March 27
 2012
 the Company received
a letter asserting a claim of wrongful termination in violation of public policy wherein the former Chief Financial Officer claims
that he was terminated in retaliation for reporting and/or refusing to participate in such alleged violations. He also claims breach
of employment contract and seeks payment of $250
000 plus the issuance of 60
000 shares of common stock in settlement for the claimed
damages therein. On July 23
 2012
 the Company was provided a copy of a complaint filed in the Superior Court of California
 County
of Orange
 repeating the same allegations contained in the March 27
 2012 letter and also asserting claims for intentional and
negligent infliction of emotional distress and failure to pay wages due at the time of termination. The Company subsequently filed
demurrers to the Complaint that resulted in the plaintiff filing a First Amended Complaint on September 28
 2012 and a Second Amended
Complaint on January 7
 2013
 alleging essentially the same claims. The Company's answer to the Second Amended Complaint is due
to be filed on March 25
 2013 following the most recent demurrer hearing that was held on March 14
 2013. The Court also held a
Case Management Conference on March 14 and set a jury trial in this matter for December 9
 2013 and a Mandatory Settlement Conference
for October 18
 2013. 


claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend such allegations and claims. The Company will conduct formal discovery
including the taking of plaintiff's deposition
 and the Company intends to file a motion for summary judgment to be heard prior
to the October Mandatory Settlement Conference date.


 or
the amount of any possible loss in the event of an unfavorable outcome. Consequently
 no material provision or liability has been
recorded for such allegations and claims as of December 31
 2012.


    
    



 to our knowledge
there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory
organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of our executive officers or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or
affecting us
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or any of our companies or our companies&rsquo; subsidiaries&rsquo; officers
or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.









    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters
    and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities





and the OTC Markets (OTCQB) under the symbol &ldquo;DEYU&rdquo;.&nbsp;&nbsp;There can be no assurance that a liquid market for
our securities will ever develop.&nbsp;&nbsp;Transfer of our common stock may also be restricted under the securities or blue
sky laws of various states and foreign jurisdictions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Consequently
 investors may not be able to liquidate their investments
and should be prepared to hold the common stock for an indefinite period of time.


and low closing bid prices per share of the common stock for the periods indicated as reported provided by the OTC Markets Group
Inc. These quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 markdown or commissions
 and may not necessarily represent
actual transactions.





    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2011
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    



to our equity compensation plan as of December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
outstanding&nbsp;options

    
    
outstanding&nbsp;options

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans
    approved by security holders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity compensation plans not approved by
    security holders(1)
    
    
1
124
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
124
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2010
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors
approved the Company&rsquo;s 2010 Share Incentive Plan.&nbsp;On November 8
 2010
 a
total of 931
000 non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to executives
key employees
 independent directors
 and consultants at an exercise price of $4.40 per share and on December 15
 2010
 40
000
non-qualified incentive stock shares were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant at an
exercise price of $4.40 per share
 of which shall vest as follows:


after the date of grant;

after the date of grant; and

(24) months after the date of grant.



 2012
 the
Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors increased the number of shares allocated to and authorized for use under the Plan from
1
000
000 shares to the maximum number of shares allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan (1
245
586) and granted 420
000
options under the Plan to independent directors
 officers and key employees of the Company
 of which included some new
options and those re-granted after such options were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations
from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All of the granted options vest as follows:


(6) months after the date of the grant; and

(12) months after the date of the grant.



 2012
 our Board of Directors
allocated to and authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director of the Company after such options were forfeited by other
former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All
of the granted options vest as follows:


    
    




    
    
    
33 1/3% of the option grants be vested one (1) month after the date of
    grant;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



 2011
 we filed a Registration
Statement with the SEC on Form S-8 covering up to 1
000
000 shares underlying options which may be granted under the Plan. As
of March 25
 2013
 none of the options granted pursuant to the Plan have been exercised.




and as such
 are not required to provide this information.

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds
from Registered Securities


covered by this Report which were not registered under the Act and not previously reported on a quarterly report on Form 10-Q or
a current report on Form 8-K:


 2012
 our Board of Directors allocated to and
authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director for his services to be performed to the Company after such options were forfeited
by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements.
All of the granted options vest as follows:



    
    
    
33 1/3% of the option grants be vested one (1) month after the date of
    grant;

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



    
    





 2013
 we
had 10
618
266 shares of common stock issued and outstanding to 28 holders of record
 and the closing price of our common stock
as quoted on the OTCQB was $0.55 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;The number of record holders does not include beneficial owners
of common stock whose shares are held in the names of banks
 brokers
 nominees or other fiduciaries.




class of common equity since formation.


in May 2010
 we issued an aggregate 2
455
863 shares of our Series A convertible preferred shares and warrants exercisable into
982
362 shares of common stock to Investors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Pursuant to the terms of our Series A convertible preferred share designations
the holders of our Series A convertible preferred shares are entitled to receive cumulative dividends at a rate of 5% per annum
and such shares of Series A convertible preferred stock are convertible into shares of our common stock on a 1:1 basis
 subject
to applicable adjustments.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2011
 we distributed 66
379
shares of Series A convertible preferred shares as a cumulative Series A convertible preferred share dividend of $212
420 in aggregate
to such holders of Series A convertible preferred stock on a pro rata basis and on January 27
 2012
 we issued a Series A convertible
preferred share dividend equal to $219
721
 in the aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible preferred stock on a pro
rata basis.

On July 26
2012
 we distributed 55
995 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and $40
315.22 as a cumulative Series A convertible
220
052 in aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible
preferred stock on a pro rata basis and on January 29
 2013
 we distributed 70
124 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares
as a cumulative Series A convertible preferred share dividend of $224
397 in aggregate
 to such holders of Series A convertible
preferred stock on a pro rata basis. 




and as such
 are not required to provide this information.

Management&rsquo;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




and analysis of certain significant factors which have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods
included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 as well as information relating to the plans of our current management.
This Annual Report includes forward-looking statements. Generally
 the words &ldquo;believes &rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
&ldquo; may &rdquo;
 &ldquo; will &rdquo;
 &ldquo; should &rdquo;
 &ldquo; expect &rdquo;
 &ldquo; intend &rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
&ldquo;continue&rdquo; and similar expressions or the negative thereof or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
 including the matters set forth in this Annual Report
or other reports or documents we file with the SEC from time to time
 which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially
from those projected. Undue reliance should not be place on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date hereof.
We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements.


be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto and other financial information
contained elsewhere in this Annual Report.


    
    





processor
 marketer and distributor of organic and other agricultural products made from corn and grains operating in Shanxi Province
in the People's Republic of China. We has access of 20 years to over 109
000 acres of farmland in Shanxi Province for breeding
cultivating
 processing
 warehousing
 and distributing corn and grain products. We have a nationwide sales network covering manufacturers
grain traders
 wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and retail stores. Our facilities include modern warehouses with
storage capacity of over 100
000 tons and sophisticated production lines with annual production capacity of over 105
000 tons
and 700
000 tons for grain products and corn
 respectively.


set forth below
 by division:


&ndash;acquires
unprocessed corn for value-added processing such as cleaning
 drying packaging
 etc. the main consumers for this division range
from livestock feed companies to corn oil/corn starch manufacturing companies as well as governmental procurement agencies in
China.




&ndash;acquires unprocessed grains including millet
 green bean
 soy bean
 black rice and many other varieties of grains traditionally
grown and consumed in China for value-added processing such as peeling
 cleaning
 grinding
 packaging
 etc. The Grain Division
also produces and distributes deep processed grain products
 such as bean based products
 fruit vinegars and juices
 noodles and
other grain products. We sell our processed grain products to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and directly to
consumers in retail stores.



Bulk Trading Division
&ndash;conducts bulk trading through procuring and wholesales of rice
 flour
 wheat
 kidney beans
 green beans and other
agricultural products. The majority customers of this division include food manufacturers
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers
and governmental procurement agencies in China.



+ Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo;. We have the cultivation base of 109
000 acres in Jinzhong in Shanxi Province for the supply
of corn and grain by obtaining the land use rights of 17
 000 acres of farmland with average remaining use life of 37 years and
signing agricultural co-operative agreements with the governments of the counties and villages for the development of 92
000 acres
for 19 years. We have established long term strategic partnerships with over 60
000 farmers to grow crops on the farmland. We
provide extensive agricultural services to the farmers to plan and harvest crops. The services include technical know-hows and
logistic supports
 such as cultivation method
 seeding
 logistics
 etc.


corn with five drying cylinders and six warehouses
 the construction of which was completed in 2011. Our total capacity of storage
and annual turnover of corn has exceeded 100
000 tons and 700
000 tons
 respectively. We are also equipped with fully automatic
and advanced production lines for grain processing with a total production capacity of over 105
000 tons. The advanced production
lines and production technologies help produce grain products with high quality by maintaining the nutritional components of the
products.


 one
rental warehouse and some temporary warehouses with total storage capacity of over 100
000 tons of food products and an annual
turnover of 700
000 tons. This capacity helps us to reach economies of scale with low cost of processing and storage. Our production
bases are located in Jinzhong and Quwo in Shanxi Province with convenient transportation. We have exclusive lease agreements with
three railway lines for freight transportation in Jinzhong
 which ensure speedy delivery of our products at a low cost.


corn and bulk trading with customers including various livestock feed companies
 food manufacturers
 corn oil/corn starch manufacturing
companies
 grain trading companies
 wholesalers and governmental procurement agencies. Meanwhile
 we sell our processed grain
products to wholesalers
 distributors
 institutional clients and directly to consumers in retail stores. We also developed export
channel to Germany
 Japan and other countries.


revenue from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $254
046
098
 representing a 2.9 % decrease from $261
576
666
for the year ended December 31
 2011. Our net income available to common stockholders for the year ended December 31
 2012 was
$16
008
670
 representing a 7.7% decrease from $17
335
442 for the year ended December 31
 2011.


    
    





 we acquired the Taizihu
Group
 which has a well-established grain product line of over 100 types of organic and non-organic bean-based products
 and other
grain products under well recognized brand names &ldquo;Huichun&rdquo; and &ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;. By leveraging the Taizihu Group's
product lines and production capacity
 we believe we can capture a more substantial share of grain market.


 we formed a supply relationship
with WFG in which we shall provide raw corn to four feed mills that WFG operates in Southwestern China on a non-exclusive basis.
Founded in 1983
 WFG is a large-scale modern multi-industry and trans-regional livestock enterprise that is engaged mainly in
the feed
 poultry and pig industries. WFG's business operations also involve bio-pharmaceutical and food processing in 20 Provinces
with over 110 integrated companies. In 2010
 WFG achieved sales revenue of $3.5 billion (RMB 21.94 billion) and its feed production
amounted to 5.14 million tons. By working closely with WFG to meet its demands
 we believe we can foster further progress in our
corn division.


 we reached an agreement
with Suning to supply Suning with refined packaged grain goods valued at RMB115.9 million
 or $18.4 million. Suning is one of
the largest electrical and electronic appliance retailers in China
 with 1
700 chain stores of annual sales of $15 billion (RMB
93.9 billion) in 2011. With the fast growing demand in commercial sales market for health foods
 particularly refined packaged
products
 we intend to continue developing more strategic institutional clients to explore more market shares in the commercial
sales segment.


 we formed a 99% owned
subsidiary
 Jinglong
 with registered capital of approximately $3.2 million
 which is primarily engaged in the procurement
storage and sales of corn and grain in Jilin Province
 one of the three Provinces of Northeast China. The Provinces of Northeast
China are some of the nation's top crop producing areas. According to the China's National Bureau of Statistics
 in 2011
 crop
production from these regions collectively reached approximately 107.8 billion kilograms
 which was approximately 18.9% of China's
total crop production. Setting up Jinglong is a major step for us in further expanding our agriculture production business in
nationwide.


 the China National
Cereals and Oils Committee selected the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary
 Detian Yu as one of China's Top 100 Grain and Oil Enterprises.
The winning enterprises were selected based on financials
 environmental and social responsibilities
 quality and safety standards
business management and operations
 research and innovation
 and other industrial factors. We appreciate the recognition of the
China National Cereals and Oils Committee
 and we will strive to uphold our accolade by doing our part as a premier agriculture
company in China to continue providing corn and grain products to customers across the nation.

In
December 2012
 we received $209
231 (RMB 1.3 million) of Jinzhong city government subsidies
 which will be used to support
In
2012
 the Shanxi Provincial Development and Reform Commission in China approved the inclusion of the Coarse Grain Processing Development
of Jinzhong Deyu in the list of its local agricultural products industrial support and agro-processing investment plan. The Coarse
Grains Processing Development strives to generate social and economic benefits in Shanxi Province in accordance with the policy
of the Shanxi Provincial Government in strengthening the &quot;Three Rural Works
&quot; which are works related to agriculture
rural areas and farmers.




and we are working on key new strategies based on our core &ldquo;Company + Farmers + Cultivation Base&rdquo; concept
 to achieve
a sustainable growth. With the industrial and market resources we have accumulated and the presence we have established in the
past few years
 Deyu has a solid foundation to continue to develop on its vertical value chain. With a view towards consolidating
and expanding upon its industrial and market positioning
 Deyu will focus on the strategic aspects of industry and market development
dynamics
 and plans to integrate new resources and approaches to capture its market potential. We believe a strategically focused
vision will help guide the Company&rsquo;s growth with needed competitiveness in a vast and fast changing market place such as
China.


In
2012
 we strategically adjusted our business operations and development approaches towards sustainable growth. We did this by
reducing our reliance on banking loans to supplement our working capital for fast growth
 and instead increased our efforts to
develop strategic alliances with our sales and farming resources to secure long term bases
 improve cash flow
 achieve a more
solid capital structure and to reduce our exposure to commodity market risks. We have focused on developing our main businesses
by: (a) aligning Deyu with more well-established and branded livestock feed manufacturers to maintain our leading position in
the market; (b) expanding our businesses into other high-producing areas in China
 such as Jinlin Province; (c) optimizing grain
nts; (e)
 expanding
export channels outside of China.






    
    



agricultural services is the key to Deyu's strategic farming resources. One of our latest initiatives is digital agriculture service
platform development. We believe our digital platform will not only provide our current clients and farmers with enhanced services
but
 more importantly
 also facilitate the extension of Deyu's value-added services to other potential clients and farms in different
regions. Through the digital platform
 we can achieve more efficient resource integration and sharing
 structural optimization
and strategic focus
 all of which we believe are crucial to sustainable growth. In addition
 the platform can serve as Deyu's key
branding platform in the industry and marketplace. We believe we can compete more effectively by utilizing the platform to turn
some key barriers imposed by the conventional approaches into strategic advantages.

Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31
 2012
as Compared to the Year Ended December 31
 2011



    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
254
046
098
261
576
666
(7
530
568
    

    
(209
325
445
(218
480
009
9
154
564
    

    
44
720
653
43
096
657
1
623
996
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(16
153
096
(13
231
094
(2
922
002
    

    
(9
619
036
(8
222
182
(1
396
854
    

    
(25
772
132
(21
453
276
(4
318
856
    

    
18
948
521
21
643
381
(2
694
860
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
37
846
42
159
(4
313
    

    
(1
477
304
(805
601
(671
703
    

    
665
270
(180
294
845
564
    

    
(774
188
(943
736
169
548
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
18
174
333
20
699
645
(2
525
312
    

    
(1
765
514
(184
384
(1
581
130
    

    
16
408
819
20
515
261
(4
106
442
    


 net of income taxes
    
(3
891
830
3
891
830
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
16
408
819
16
623
431
(214
612
    

    
46
599
1
139
928
(1
093
329
    

    
16
455
418
17
763
359
(1
307
941
    

    
(446
748
(427
917
(18
831
    

    
16
008
670
17
335
442
(1
326
772
    




r
ended December 31
 2012 was $254.0 million compared with $261.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2011
 a decrease of $7.5
million
 or 2.9%. This was the combined result of a decrease of $26.7 million in corn sales and a decrease of $14.2 million in
bulk trading sales
 offset by an increase of $32.8 million in grain sales. Sales derived from our Corn Division
 Grain Division
and Bulk Trading Division for the year ended December 31
 2012 were $151.0 million
 $73.8 million and $29.2 million
 respectively

 29.0% and 11.5% of total net revenue
 respectively.


of our sales volume and amount by division and as a percentage of gross sales:



    
    
For&nbsp;The&nbsp;Year&nbsp;Ended&nbsp;December&nbsp;31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
410
199
    
    
    
151
047
762
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
531
165
    
    
    
177
723
149
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(26
675
387
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
307
    
    
    
73
811
014
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
31
878
    
    
    
40
507
527
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
303
487
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
64
113
    
    
    
29
187
322
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
76
125
    
    
    
43
345
990
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(14
158
668
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
524
619
    
    
    
254
046
098
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
639
168
    
    
    
261
576
666
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(7
530
568
    
    
    
    
    



 2012 was approximately $151.0 million
 a decrease of $26.7
million
 or approximately 15.0%
 as compared to $177.7 million for the year ended December 31
 2011. This decrease was the combined
result of a decrease of 22.8% in sales volume due to the decrease in working capital supported by bank loans and bank notes
 and
partially offset by a 10.1% increase in the average sales price due to the price increasing trend of corn in China. Being an agriculture
company
 our business especially the corn business is capital intensive. For example
 we need to grant credit to customers for
2 to 3 months while we are required to make immediate cash payments to farmers and their agents for purchasing inventory before
our accounts receivable can be collected from customers. For the year ended December 31
 2011
 we obtained an average monthly
balance of bank loans of $22.6 million
 which supported the demand of working capital for a significant growth of corn sales revenue.
But for the year ended December 31
 2012
 we reduced the bank loans to an average monthly balance of $9.0 million (excluding the
bank loans increased by the newly-acquired Taizihu Group) after the repayment of the bank loans and bank notes
 which caused the
decrease in sales revenue by the reduction of working capital.



year ended December 31
 2012 was $73.8 million
 an increase of $33.3 million
 or 82.2%
 as compared to $40.5 million for the year
ended December 31
 2011. The increase is a combined result of an increase of $23.3 million of sales revenue added by the Taizihu
Group and an increase of $10.0 million or 24.7% of sales revenue from the sustaining grain business. In our sustaining grain business
we saw an increase of $18.2 million in sales revenue derived from newly retained institutional clients in 2012 while we also saw
a decrease of $8.2 million in sales revenue in retail sales in supermarkets and conventional
stores
 which was mainly attributable to the strategies of reduction in the sales of unprofitable products in some stores caused
by increasing distribution expenses.


    
    



revenue from our Bulk Trading Division for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $29.2 million
 a decrease of $14.2 million
 or
32.7% as compared to $43.3 million for the year ended December 31
 2011. This decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease
of working capital supported by bank loans and bank notes.




the cost of raw materials
 labor
 utilities
 manufacturing costs
 manufacturing related depreciation and packaging costs. Our
cost of goods sold decreased by $9.2 million or 4.2% from $218.5 million for the year ended December 31
 2011 to $209.3 million
for the year ended December 31
 2012. This decrease was primarily attributable to the decrease in sales revenue.




profit and gross margin by division:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    
    Gross Profit
    
    
    
    Gross&nbsp;Profit
    

    
23
244
126
    
    
29
388
328
    
    

    
19
714
466
    
    
10
095
678
    
    

    
1
762
061
    
    
3
612
651
    
    

    
44
720
653
    
    
43
096
657
    
    



gross profit increased by $1.6 million
 or 3.8%
 from $43.1 million for the year ended December 31
 2011 to $44.7 million
for the year ended December 31
 2012. The increase was a combined result of a decrease of $6.1 million in the Corn Division
an increase of $9.6 million in the Grain Division and a decrease of $1.9 million in the Bulk Trading Division. Our gross
margin increased from 16.5% for the year ended December 31
 2011 to 17.6% for the year ended December 31
 2012. The increase
in gross margin was mainly the combined result of a decrease of 115 basis points
 an increase of 179 basis points and a
decrease of 230 basis points in gross margin in our Corn Division
 Grain Division and Bulk Trading Division
respectively.


profit in the Corn Division was $23.2 million
 contributing to 52.0% of total gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2012.
Gross margin for our Corn Division was 15.4% for the year ended December 31
 2012
 down by 115 basis points from 16.5% for the
year ended December 31
 2011. The decrease in gross margin was mainly attributable to the continuous increase in the purchase
price of raw corn and supplemental procurement from suppliers. The purchase price of raw corn increased by approximately 17.2% for
the year ended December 31
 2012 compared to the year ended December 31
 2011
 however the selling price did not increase consistently.


profit in the Grain Division was $19.7 million
 contributing to 44.1% of total gross profit for the year ended December 31
 2012.
Gross margin for the Grain Division was 26.7% for the year ended December 31
 2012
 which increased by 179 basis points from 24.9%
for the year ended December 31
 2011. The increase in gross margin was the combined result of the increase of gross margin
of retail sales by reducing the sales of unprofitable products in some stores and the decrease of gross margin derived from the
addition of new product portfolios containing mixed gross margins that targeted a wider scope of customers.


    
    



profit in the Bulk Trading Division was $1.8 million
 contributing to 3.9% of total gross profit for the year ended December 31
2012. Gross margin for the Bulk Trading Division was 6.0% for the year ended December 31
 2012
 which was relatively lower compared
to our other Divisions and which was mainly due to its business nature of high turnover rate and relatively lower cost maintenance.
Gross margin decreased by 230 basis points for the year ended December 31
 2012 from 8.3% for the year ended December 31
 2011.
The decrease was mainly attributable to the increase of percentage of sales for certain types of grains (for example
 wheat).




or 22.1% to $16.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2012 as compared to $13.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2011.
This increase was primarily a combined result of the increase of freight charges caused by the rising costs of railway freight
advertisement expenses spent on brand promotion and distribution expenses.




by $1.4 million to $9.6 million in for the year ended December 31
 2012
 or 17.0%
 compared to $8.2 million for the year ended
December 31
 2011. This increase was mainly attributable to increased expenses added by the Taizihu Group
 increased depreciation
and amortization caused by newly-acquired buildings that commenced depreciation in January 2012
 as well as other expenses caused
by inflation.




31
 2012 was $1.5 million compared to $0.8 million for the year ended December 31
 2011
 an increase of $0.7 million
 or 83.4%.
This increase was mainly due to the increase in interest rate and balance of interest-bearing bank loans. Decrease in the average
loan balance from $22.6 million for the year ended December 31
 2011 to $9.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2012 (excluding
the bank loans increased as a result of consolidating the newly acquired Taizihu Group) was primarily due to a decrease in non-interest-bearing
bank acceptance notes
 which had no effect on interest expense.&nbsp;




Law of the PRC
 the standard EIT rate is 25%. Our PRC subsidiaries are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis on income
arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate. According to the Tax Pronouncement [2008] No. 149 issued
by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
 the preliminary processing industry of agricultural products is entitled to EIT
exemption starting January 1
 2008. Three of the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiaries located in Shanxi Province
 namely
Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang
 are subject to the EIT exemption. All of our other subsidiaries are subject
to the 25% EIT rate.


million for the year ended December 31
 2012
 which consisted of $0.9 million of current income tax expenses derived from the
Taizihu Group and $0.9 million of deferred income tax expenses primarily derived from Detian Yu and the Taizihu Group for
additional valuation allowance for deferred tax assets generated in previous years due to uncertainty of realization of net
operating losses carryover. Income before income taxes incurred at Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang are
subject to the EIT exemption. Income tax expenses for this year were mainly attributable to the Taizihu Group
 which was
subject to the 25% EIT rate. We recorded income tax expenses of $0.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2011 mainly for
additional valuation allowance for deferred tax assets generated in previous years due to uncertainty of realization of net
operating losses carryover.

Loss from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Income Taxes


net of income taxes for the year ended December 31
 2011 was $3.9 million
 derived from the VIE Group over which our control was
terminated on December 20
 2011. The VIE Group was no longer within the consolidation scope after the control termination.




 we had net income
available to common stockholders of $16.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2012 compared to a net income of $17.3 million
for the year ended December 31
 2011
 a decrease of $1.3 million
 or 7.7%.




of our cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2011 and 2012:



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
554
795
(7
774
378

    
(6

938
(4
032
327

    
(9
884
790
14
542
773

    
68
509
339
777

    
(3
804
424
3
075
845



    
    



 2012
 net
cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations totaled approximately $12.6 million
 while net cash used in operating

 2011.
The net cash flow from operating activities shifted from outflow to inflow
 and was primarily attributable to the reduction of
cash used to expand our business. Being an agriculture company
 it is necessary for us to pay out a large amount of cash along
with rapid sales growth. This is due to the fact that we need to grant credit for about 2 to 3 months to customers and at the
same time we are required to make immediate cash payments to farmers and their agents for purchasing inventory before our accounts
receivable can be collected from customers. In contrast
 we believe we can collect cash while our business grows stably. We used
$3.6 million of cash in accumulating current assets for the year ended December 31
 2012
 while we experienced rapid growth and

 2011.


 2012
 net
cash used in investing activities of continuing operations was approximately $6.5 million
 an increase of approximately $2.5 million
from approximately $4.0 million for the year ended December 31
 2011. We paid $5.5 million for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group
and $0.9 million for the construction of factories and purchasing of equipment for the year ended December 31
 2012
 while we spent
$3.9 million for the construction of factories and purchasing of equipment for the year ended December 31
 2011.


 2012
 net
cash used in financing activities of continuing operations was approximately $9.9 million
 while net cash provided by financing
activities of continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2011 was $14.5 million. We repaid an aggregate of $14.2 million
of bank loans and bank acceptance notes
 and received $3.3 million of net proceeds from short-term loans from related parties for
the year ended December 31
 2012
 while we received net proceeds of $14.5 million in loans from banks and related parties for the
year ended December 31
 2011.


cash flows from operations
 and bank
 related party and unrelated party borrowings will be sufficient to meet our anticipated
cash needs for at least the next 12 months. However
 we may need additional cash in the future if we experience a change in business
conditions or other material developments. We may also need additional cash resources in the future if we find and wish to pursue
opportunities for investment
 acquisition
 strategic cooperation or other similar actions. If we ever determine that our cash
requirements exceed our amounts of cash and cash equivalents on hand
 we may seek to issue debt or equity securities or obtain
a credit facility. Any future issuance of equity securities will cause dilution to our shareholders. Any incurrence of indebtedness
would increase our debt service obligations and may cause us to be subject to restrictive operating and financial covenants. It
is possible that
 when we need additional cash resources
 financing will only be available to us in amounts or on terms that would
not be acceptable to us
 if at all.


    
    





material contractual obligations as of December 31
 2012:



    
    Obligations
    
Less
                                                                                                                than &nbsp;
                                                                                
    
    
More
                                                                                                                than &nbsp;
                                                                                

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
8
323
623
8
323
623
    
    
    

    
2
620
509
322
976
483
571
337
716
1
476
246

    
10
944
132
8
646
599
483
571
337
716
1
476
246





financings
 or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons
 also known as &ldquo;special purpose entities&rdquo;
(SPEs).




condition and results of operations has been prepared by management based on our consolidated financial statements
 which have
been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues
 and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 management evaluates our critical accounting policies and estimates
 including those
related to revenue recognition
 valuation of accounts receivable
 property and equipment
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets
derivative liabilities and contingencies. Estimates are based on historical experience and on various assumptions believed to
be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets
and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. These judgments and estimates affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. We consider the following
initial accounting policies to be the most important in understanding our operating results and financial condition:




statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes its estimates based on historical experience and
various other assumptions and information that are available and believed to be reasonable at the time the estimates are made.
Therefore
 actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.



    
    





on hand
 cash in banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.


hereinabove
 we had
 as of December 31
 2010
 $125
560 in a trust account. The use of these funds required the written approval
of our placement agent and us. The funds in the escrow account were designated for certain expenses
 such as investor relations
accounting/consulting fees
 SEC fees
 and stock transfer agent fees. This amount was classified as restricted cash under current
assets on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2010
 while the restriction has been released in 2011.


 2012
 the balance
of restricted cash included: (a) $266
122 of cash was restricted as the pledge for $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) and $264
843
(RMB 1
650
000) of bank loans obtained from China Merchants Bank
 Dongzhimen Branch on November 30
 2011 and January 11
2012
 respectively
 of which the loan of $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) was paid off on November 29
 2012; (b) $481
533 of cash
was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $1
284
089 (RMB 8
000
000) obtained from Dah Sing Bank (China) Co. Ltd. on July
18
 2012; (c) $16
051 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $14
446 (RMB 90
000) obtained from Bank of
Communications Gongzhufen Subbranch; and (d) $51
642 of cash was restricted as pledges for bank loans of $802
555 (RMB
5
000
000) obtained from Agriculture Development Bank of China on November 3
 2011
 which were paid off on December 7
2012.




realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts
 as needed. We assess the collectability
of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
as well as the customer&rsquo;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical
bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns
to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of accounts receivable greater than three months
was not material. As of December 31
 2011
 there were no customers with accounts receivable greater than three months past due.




lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a moving-average basis. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs
incurred in delivering products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices
after the balance sheet date or to management&rsquo;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management periodically
evaluates the composition of its inventories at least quarterly to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine
if a valuation allowance is required. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 slow moving or obsolete inventory identified by management
was not material.




classified as held for sale in the period in which all of the following criteria are met: (a) management
 having the authority
to approve the action
 commits to a plan to sell the asset; (b) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition
subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other
actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (d) the sale of the asset is probable
 and transfer
of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale
 within one year
 except as permitted by paragraph ASC
360-10-45-11. The term probable refers to a future sale that is likely to occur; (e) the asset is being actively marketed for
sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. The price at which a long-lived asset is being marketed
is indicative of whether the entity currently has the intent and ability to sell the asset. A market price that is reasonable
in relation to fair value indicates that the asset is available for immediate sale
 whereas a market price in excess of fair value
indicates that the asset is not available for immediate sale; and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is
unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn.


or subsequent write-down to fair value less cost to sell. A gain shall be recognized for any subsequent increase in fair value
less cost to sell
 but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized (for a write-down to fair value less cost to
sell). The loss or gain shall adjust only the carrying amount of a long-lived asset
 whether classified as held for sale individually
or as part of a disposal group.


    
    


Property
 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment are stated
at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions
renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is included in operations.


method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





expended for a new factory park construction
 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied.
Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park
construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress is transferred to property
 plant and equipment.




ASC Topic 360 (ASC 360)
 &quot;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&quot; which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the
impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be
held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on
long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be
generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed
of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal.




an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The
carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected
to result from the use of the asset.




 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements&rdquo;
(formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at
fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires
that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
 maximize the use of observable units and minimize
the use of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and
related disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that
observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would
use in pricing the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs
are inputs that reflect the Company&rsquo;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the
asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs
into three broad levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:


    
    



Level 1 &ndash; Inputs are quoted prices in active markets
                                                                     for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has
                                                                     the ability to access at the measurement date. Valuation
                                                                     of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment
                                                                     as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets
                                                                     that are readily and regularly available.


Level 2 &ndash; Inputs other than quoted prices in active
                                                                     markets that are either directly or indirectly observable
                                                                     as of the measurement date
 such as quoted prices for similar
                                                                     assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are
                                                                     not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
                                                                     corroborated by observable market data for substantially
                                                                     the full term of the assets or liabilities.


Level 3 &ndash; Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable
                                                                     and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such
                                                                     assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricing
                                                                     models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 or similar techniques
                                                                     that incorporate the assumptions a market participant would
                                                                     use in pricing the asset or liability.


pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. On February 12
 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP)
No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC
820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those
fiscal years
 except for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring
basis (at least annually). The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results
of operations.


with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150
 &ldquo;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments
with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&rdquo;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &ldquo;Accounting for Derivative
Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&rsquo;s Own Stock&rdquo;). We have determined ASC 480-10
(formerly SFAS 150) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) has no material effect on our financial position or results of operations.




policies are in compliance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (&ldquo;SAB 104&rdquo;). The Company recognizes product
revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
(iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably
assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or
contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer
acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company
assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the
sales price is subject to refund or adjustment.


net of value-added tax (VAT)
 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved
in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit
memo data
 and other factors known at the time. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 sales discounts from continuing
operations were $819
544 and $70
987
 respectively.


    
    



products sold through our relationships with grocery store networks. The consumer who purchases the product may exchange it for
the same kind and quantity of product originally purchased. In accordance with FASB ASC 605-15-25-1 and 605-15-15-2
 these are
not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 returns of our products
were not material.




as incurred or
 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs from continuing operations for the
years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
813
049 and $952
472
 respectively.




costs as incurred. Research and development expenses from continuing operations were immaterial for the year ended December 31
2012 and $98
393 for the year ended December 31
 2011.




 the Financial Accounting
Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &ldquo;Share-Based Payment&rdquo;
which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&rsquo;s ASC Topic 718
&ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation.&rdquo; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation
costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements
over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements
include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share
purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff
regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&rsquo;s views regarding
the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its
requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No.
123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
 or on a modified version of retrospective application
under which financial statements for prior periods are adjusted on a basis consistent with the pro forma disclosures required
for those periods under SFAS No. 123.


of FASB ASC 718 and related interpretations as provided by SAB 107. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant
as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods
of the option grant.




accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred
tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion
of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
 the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


 a tax position is recognized
as a benefit only if it is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with
a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50%
likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; test
 no tax benefit
is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.


    
    





expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes
in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section
of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income
 are components of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the
Company is RMB. The unit of RMB is in Yuan. Translation gains are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders&rsquo;
equity section of the consolidated balance sheet.




&ldquo;Statement of Cash Flows
&rdquo; cash flows from the Company&rsquo;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies.
As a result
 amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily
agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets.




 FASB issued an amendment (ASU
No. 2011-04) to Fair Value Measurement (ASC Topic 820). In 2006
 the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB)
published a Memorandum of Understanding
 which has served as the foundation of the Board&rsquo;s efforts to a common set of high
quality global accounting standards. Consistent with the Memorandum of Understanding and the Board&rsquo;s commitment to achieving
the goal
 the amendments in this Update are the result of the work by the FASB and the IASB to develop common requirements for
measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The adoption
of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU
No. 2011-05) to Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220). The amendment require that all non-owner changes in stockholders&rsquo;
equity be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements.
In the two-statement approach
 the first statement should present total net income and its components followed consecutively by
a second statement that should present total other comprehensive income
 the components of other comprehensive income
 and the
total of comprehensive income. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the
year ended December 31
 2011.


    
    





 FASB issued an amendment
(ASU No. 2011-08) to Intangibles&ndash;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). The amendments in the Update permit an entity to first
assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than
its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described
in Topic 350. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines it is not more likely than not
that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary.
However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by calculating
the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 as described
in paragraph 350-20-35-4. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 then the entity is required to perform
the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss
 if any
 as described in paragraph
350-20-35-9. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December
31
 2011.


 FASB issued an Update
(ASU No. 2011-10) to Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (ASC Topic 360). Under the amendments in this Update
 when a parent (reporting
entity) ceases to have a controlling financial interest (as described in Subtopic 810-10) in a subsidiary that is in substance
real estate as a result of default on the subsidiary&rsquo;s nonrecourse debt
 the reporting entity should apply the guidance
in Subtopic 360-20 to determine whether it should derecognize the in substance real estate. Generally
 a reporting entity would
not satisfy the requirements to derecognize the in substance real estate before the legal transfer of the real estate to the lender
and the extinguishment of the related nonrecourse indebtedness. That is
 even if the reporting entity ceases to have a controlling
financial interest under Subtopic 810-10
 the reporting entity would continue to include the real estate
 debt
 and the results
of the subsidiary&rsquo;s operations in its consolidated financial statements until legal title to the real estate is transferred
to legally satisfy the debt. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of
operations.


 FASB issued an Update
(ASU No. 2011-11) to Balance Sheet (ASC Topic 210) regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. Pursuant to
this Update
 entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions
eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to
a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase
agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated
financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment
(ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&ndash;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this Update
 an
entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates
that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events
and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine
the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value
with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment
for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An
entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for
annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted.
The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
&ldquo;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&rdquo;
This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements.
However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented
or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of
net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in
the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net
income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail
about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013.
Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position and results of operations.


    
    


ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk


and as such
 are not required to provide this information.




pages&nbsp;herein comprising a portion of this Annual Report.

Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures








of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as defined in Rule&nbsp;13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation
 our management
 including our principal executive officer and our principal financial
officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the fiscal quarter covered by this Annual
Report
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act
(i)&nbsp;is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time period specified in SEC rules and forms
 and (ii)&nbsp;is
accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
as appropriate to allow appropriate decisions on a timely basis regarding required disclosure.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting


and maintaining adequate internal control structure and procedures over financial reporting (as defined in Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31
 2012 based on the framework similarly set forth in Internal Control&nbsp;&mdash; Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.


cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control
over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. Because of such limitations
 there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31
 2012 was effective.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm pursuant to
the permanent exemption rules for smaller reporting companies
 which require the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report
in this Annual Report.


    
    





over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.





and directors under the Plan):


 2012
 May 14
 2012
 September
6
 2012 and September 21
 2012
 Expert Venture disposed of 148
485
 59
665
 51
333 and 111
004 shares of the Company's common
stock
 respectively
 in connection with settlements with third parties in lieu of cash based on the fair market value of the shares
on the date of such transfers. On September 21
 2012
 Expert Venture transferred 500
000 shares for no consideration to Legend
Team Investment Holdings Limited
 the sole shareholder of which is Yam Sheung Kwok
 who is also a shareholder of Expert Venture.


 2012
 Hong Wang
 a Director of the Company
 indirectly
acquired 597
142 shares of the Company's common stock upon exercise of an option to purchase 120 shares of Expert Venture from
Yam Sheung Kwok and on the same date
 Mr. Wang indirectly acquired 1
442
853 shares of the Company's common stock upon exercise
of an option to purchase 300 shares of Expert Venture from Yam Sheung Kwok which had been assigned to Mr. Wang by Wenjun Tian
the Company's former President.


 2012
 Jianming Hao
 the Company's Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board
 indirectly acquired 485
761 shares of the Company's common stock upon exercise of an option
to purchase 101 shares of Expert Venture from Yam Sheung Kwok.


 2012
 Yongqing Ren
 the Company's Vice President
for the Corn Division
 indirectly acquired 961
903 shares of the Company's common stock upon exercise of an option to purchase
200 shares of Expert Venture from Yam Sheung Kwok.


 2012
 Junde Zhang
 the Company's Vice President
for the Grain Division
 indirectly acquired 961
903 shares of the Company's common stock upon exercise of an option to purchase
200 shares of Expert Venture from Yam Sheung Kwok.




ITEM 10.&nbsp;&nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance




ages and positions of all our directors and executive officers.&nbsp;



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



ages and positions of certain of our significant employees:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





any of the officers
 directors and significant employees of the Company.




annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. Officers are elected by and serve
at the discretion of the Board.


incurred by them in connection with attending Board meetings
 but they do not receive any other compensation for serving on the
Board.



Mr.&nbsp;Jianming Hao
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Board of Directors


April 30
 2012 through October 11
 2012
 Mr. Hao served as President of the Company. Between December 2001 and May 2004
 Mr.&nbsp;Hao
served as the Finance Manager of China Merchants Dichain (Asia) Ltd.
 a Hong Kong listed company. Between May 2004 and November
2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Hao served as a director and Vice President of Shenzhen Litong Investments Ltd.&nbsp;&nbsp;Since November 2007
he has been a director of Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co. Limited
 which is now a subsidiary of Deyu Agriculture Corp.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Hao
received a Master&rsquo;s degree in Finance from Nankai University. He is also a certified public accountant in China.


    
    


Mr. Greg Chen
 President and Director 


 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s

fifteen (15) years of international business strategy
 development and management experience in the investment
 fine arts
 media
technology and manufacturing sectors. Prior to joining the Company
 Mr. Chen has served as Chief Executive Officer of the P-Media
Group
 a company providing commercial promotion and marketing strategies and related services in China
 since August 2009. From
May 2007 to July 2009
 Mr. Chen served as Director of China Operations for Capital Market Services Inc
 a New York based financial
firm
 to oversee its China strategy development and operations. Prior to May 2007
 Mr. Chen served as Managing Director of Titian
International Inc
 an intentional business development services firm. Mr. Chen was instrumental in the first major global Chinese
contemporary art exhibition by Sotheby's in 2006
 a ground-breaking event in the international contemporary art landscape. Educated
in US and China
 Mr. Chen is fluent in Mandarin
 has a Masters of Science degree in EE/Control-Theory.&nbsp;

Ms.&nbsp;Amy He
 Chief Financial Officer


 2012
 the Company appointed
Ms. He to serve as the Company&rsquo;s Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ms. He
 who is resident in the Company&rsquo;s headquarters
in Beijing

 2012
and prior to that as Financial Controller since October 2011. Prior to that
 Ms. He served as an audit manager for Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu CPA Ltd. in China from July 2005 through September
 2011
 where she served multinational corporations and Chinese corporate
clients
 including private companies and public listed companies in the United States. Ms. He earned a Master&rsquo;s Degree in
Management from the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree in Accounting from Tsinghua University in China.
Ms. He is also a Certified Public Accountant of China and Certified General Accountant of Canada.

Mr. Jianbin Zhou
 Chief Operating Officer


of the Company. Between January 2005 and December 2006
 Mr. Zhou served as the General Manager of Beijing Kangqiaoshidai Education
Development Co.
 Ltd. Between January 2007 and October 2008
 he was the General Manager of Antai Global (Beijing) Risk Management
Co.
 Ltd. Mr. Zhou also served as the Vice President of Dongsheng International (Beijing) Investment Co.
 Ltd. between October
2008 and August 2009. Mr. Zhou has been a director of Detian Yu since August 2009. Mr. Zhou is the holder of an undergraduate
degree.

Ms.&nbsp;Emma Wan
 Corporate Secretary


 2012
 the Company appointed

 Ms. Wan has served
as Corporate Controller for the Company. From July 2009 through December 2010
 Ms. Wan served as Associate Director of KTO Corporate
Finance Co. Ltd.
 a Hong Kong company. From August 2004 through June 2009
 Ms. Wan served as M&amp;A Transaction Service Manager
of Deloitte &amp; Touche Financial Advisory Services Limited
 Guangzhou Branch in China. From August 2003 through September 2004
Ms. Wan served as audit senior associate of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu CPA Ltd.
 Shenzhen Branch in China. Ms. Wan is a fellow of
the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of The Chinese Institution of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr.&nbsp;Al Carmona
 Independent Director and Member of
Audit Committee


of the Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the last 25 years
 Mr.&nbsp;Carmona has been with Mars &amp; Co
 a high end international strategy
consulting firm
 during which he served as Executive Vice President and Senior Advisor and has coordinated their Global Business
Development Council. With the assistance of Mr.&nbsp;Carmona
 Mars &amp; Co. grew to over 250 professionals worldwide. Mr.&nbsp;Carmona
has deep experience in a wide variety of areas including cost and supply chain optimization
 brand strategy
 pricing and demand
building optimization
 competitive analysis
 portfolio optimization
 business unit turnarounds
 as well as acquisition and divestiture
analysis.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Carmona has a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Princeton University and a
MBA degree from the Wharton Business School
 University of Pennsylvania.


    
    


Mr. Jan Poulsen
 Independent Director and Member of the
Audit Committee

Effective October
11
 2012
Mr.
Poulsen has over twenty (20) years of management experience working for international organizations within the food &amp; beverage
Mr.
Poulsen has extensive experience in a wide variety of areas including financial management
 strategy and business development
M&amp;A activities
 turnaround expertise as well as technology implementations. Since August 2011
 Mr. Poulsen has served as an
M&amp;A advisor for H.T. Capital
 an investment bank in New York. From 2001 to August 2011
 Mr. Poulsen had various management
positions at Arla Foods
 a global company within the dairy industry. Mr. Poulsen served as the Chief Financial Officer for Arla
Foods Inc. in the USA from September 2009 to August 2011
 as the Finance Manager and Business Development Manager from 2006 until
August 2009
 and as Project Manager for Group Finance from 2001 to 2006. Mr. Poulsen has a Masters of Science in Business Administration
and an Auditing degree from Aarhus School of Business in Aarhus
 Denmark
 extensive leadership education from Columbia University
and IMD in Switzerland.

Mr.&nbsp;Timothy C. Stevens
 Independent Director and Chairman
of Audit Committee


of the Company. Mr.&nbsp;Stevens has over 30 years of executive leadership
 management
 and client service experience with the
world&rsquo;s leading law
 public accounting
 and management consulting firms. Since January 2011
 Mr. Stevens has served as Chief
Operating Officer of an international law firm in Hong Kong. Prior to that since 2004
 Mr.&nbsp;Stevens served as the Executive
Director of Saul Ewing LLP
 a Philadelphia law firm where he oversaw all aspects of its day to day business operations with a
focus on improving the bottom line and supporting the Firm&rsquo;s growth strategy and other key objectives. From 1999 to 2003
he served as the Chief Operating Officer and a member of the Management Committee in the Hong Kong and China offices of the international
law firm Baker &amp; McKenzie where he was responsible for all operations (other than client service) for Baker &amp; McKenzie&rsquo;s
large Hong Kong and China practice. From 1995 to 1998
 Mr.&nbsp;Stevens served in the Chairman&rsquo;s office as the Finance and
Administrative Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers China
 the world&rsquo;s largest auditing firm
 where he supervised the business
plans
 office openings and expansions as well as the financial management of the firm.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Stevens graduated from
Clifton College and Bristol University in the United Kingdom. He received the ACA qualification from the UK Chartered Accountants&rsquo;
Qualification Program in 1974. Mr.&nbsp;Stevens is a licensed CPA in Massachusetts as well as being a Hong Kong FCPA.

Mr. Hong Wang
 Director


of the Company effective April 30
 2012. Mr. Wang has served as Vice President of Detian Yu since October 2009. Prior to that
Mr. Wang served as General Manager of Shanxi Dongsheng Guarantee Company Limited from February 2009 through October 2009. Prior
to that
 Mr. Wang worked for the Labaor Bureau of Jinzhong in Shanxi Province from July 1996 through January 2009. Mr. Wang received
his bachelor's degree from the Chinese Agriculture University in 1996.

Mr.&nbsp;Longjiang Yuan
 Independent Director


of the Company and former member of the Company&rsquo;s Audit Committee. He is an acknowledged expert in agricultural technology
and has been serving as the vice director of the Science and Technology Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences
the largest and highest agriculture institute in China (&ldquo;CAAS&rdquo;). Prior to joining the Company
 Mr.&nbsp;Yuan spent
17 years in the Institute of Crop Science of the CAAS
 where he was also the senior director of the R&amp;D team for paddy rice
genetic breeding technologies as well as a scientist in the science commission. He is the director of the Crop Science Society
of China and an expert for the National Crop Variety Approval Committee. From 2002 to 2004
 Mr.&nbsp;Yuan was an independent director
of the board of Shanxi Tunyu Seed Industry Co.
 Ltd.&nbsp;&nbsp;Over the years
 Mr.&nbsp;Yuan has participated in and led 13 national
R&amp;D programs and has developed 17 new crop breeds. He has published more than 20 academic thesis and 5 books on agricultural
sciences. Mr.&nbsp;Yuan was also granted 2 scientific and technological progress awards by the Ministry of Agriculture of China.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Longjiang
Yuan holds a master&rsquo;s degree in Plant Genetic Breeding from the Graduate School of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences
and a bachelor&rsquo;s degree in Agriculture from Wan Nan Agriculture University.


    
    


Mr.&nbsp;Junde Zhang
 Vice President for the Grains Division


for the operation of the Grains Division. Since April 2004
 he has been the Production Director and the General Manager of our
Cereal Crops Division. Mr.&nbsp;Zhang is a successful entrepreneur and was appointed as a member of the Yuci People&rsquo;s Congress.
He was awarded the honorable title of Industrial Restructuring Leader by the Yuci Municipal Government. Mr.&nbsp;Zhang is the
holder of an undergraduate degree and has over 10 years of experience in grain breeding
 cultivation
 processing
 marketing and
management.

Mr.&nbsp;Yongqing Ren
 Vice President for the Corn Division


and General Manager of our Corn Division since April 2004. He was conferred the honorable title of Industrial Restructuring Leader
for two consecutive years and the prize of Top Ten Youth Career Development Contributor by the Yuci Municipal Government. Mr.&nbsp;Ren
is the holder of an undergraduate degree. He is well experienced in corn breeding
 cultivation
 processing
 marketing and management.

Mr.&nbsp;Yunlin Ding
 Vice President

Effective February
3
 2012
Immediately
prior to Mr. Ding&rsquo;s appointment as the Company&rsquo;s Vice President
 he served as Vice President of Detian Yu since July
2009. Mr. Ding also served as vice general manager of the investment department of Beida Qingniao Group
 a company organized under
the laws of China and the holding company for three companies listed in China and two companies listed in Hong Kong
 from February
2002 to July 2009. Mr. Ding earned a Bachelor&rsquo;s Degree and a Master&rsquo;s Degree in Economics from Nankai University in
1996 and 1999
 respectively.




such as experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills
 in making its decision to appoint and nominate directors to the Board.


 qualifications
attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director.&nbsp;&nbsp;His experience running the Company and its subsidiaries
has contributed to his knowledge of the business and his understanding of the grain and corn products industry.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because
of this experience
 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.


 qualifications
attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director. His past leadership experience as CEO and senior management in diversified


 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.&nbsp;


 qualifications
attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director.&nbsp;&nbsp;His past work experience working with companies to optimize
their operations and maximize profits gives us the confidence that he will be an asset to our Board of Directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Because
of this experience
 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.

Mr. Poulsen
has the experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director. His management and financial
international organizations within the food &amp; beverage industry

experience
 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.


 qualifications
attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director.&nbsp;&nbsp;His past work experience overseeing the world&rsquo;s
leading law
 public accounting and management consulting firms will be an asset to us and he will be in a strong position to oversee
our operations and corporate governance.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Stevens has financial management expertise
 he is a certified public accountant
(Massachusetts) and he is a chartered accountant (England and Wales). Because of this experience
 we expect that he will act in
the best interest of the Company.&nbsp;


    
    


Mr. Wang has
the experience
 qualifications
 attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director. His experience in agriculture business
and industry will be an asset to us and good for us in building public relationship with farmers
 local governments and financial

 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.


 qualifications
attributes and skills to qualify him to serve as a director.&nbsp;&nbsp;His past work experience and research experience in the
genetic breeding field will be an asset to us as we strive to maximize our grain and corn production and manufacturing. Because
of this experience
 we expect that he will act in the best interest of the Company.




 to the knowledge
of the Company after reasonable inquiry
 no current director or executive officer of the Company during the past ten years
 has
(i)&nbsp;been convicted in a criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations or other minor offenses)
 (ii)&nbsp;been a party
to any judicial or administrative proceeding (except for any matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement) that
resulted in a judgment
 decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of
 or prohibiting activities subject
to
 U.S. federal or state securities laws
 or a finding of any violation of U.S. federal or state securities laws
 (iii)&nbsp;filed
a petition under federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency laws or has had a receiver appointed for the person&rsquo;s property
or (iv)&nbsp;been subject to any judgment
 decree or final order enjoining
 suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60&nbsp;days
the person from engaging in any type of business practice 
 acting as a futures commission merchant
 introducing broker
 commodity
trading advisor
 commodity pool operator
 floor broker
 leverage transaction merchant
 any other person regulated by the Commodity
Futures Trading Commission
 or an associated person of any of the foregoing
 or as an investment adviser
 underwriter
 broker
or dealer in securities
 or as an affiliated person
 director or employee of any investment company
 bank
 savings and loan association
or insurance company
 or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity or engaging in any
activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or
State securities laws or Federal commodities laws
 (v)&nbsp;been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action
or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law
 and the judgment in such civil action or finding by
the Commission has not been subsequently reversed
 suspended
 or vacated
 (vi)&nbsp;been found by a court of competent jurisdiction
in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law
 and the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
(vii)&nbsp;been the subject of
 or a party to
 any Federal or State judicial or administrative order
 judgment
 decree
 or finding
not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an alleged violation of: (a)&nbsp;any Federal or State securities
or commodities law or regulation
 (b)&nbsp;any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including
but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary
or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order
 or (c)&nbsp;any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity
 or (viii)&nbsp;been the subject of
 or a party to
 any sanction or order
not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section&nbsp;3(a)(26) of the
Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section&nbsp;1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act
(7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its
members or persons associated with a member.


to which any of the individuals listed above is party adverse to us or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse
to us or any of our subsidiaries.


    
    









and the OTC Markets (OTCQB). Neither the OTCBB nor the OTC Markets have rules regarding director independence. Accordingly
 although
our audit committee charter states that each member shall meet the independence requirements set out by the applicable listing
standards of the securities exchange
 securities association
 SRO
 or stock market on which the Company&rsquo;s securities are
quoted or listed for trading
 we determined that the NASDAQ Marketplace independence requirements were an appropriate standard
to determine independence because these requirements are stricter than the requirements of the OTCBB and the OTC Markets. Additionally
we adopted these stricter standards to strengthen our corporate governance and improve internal controls.


 under the
listing standards of the NASDAQ Marketplace
 a listed company&rsquo;s board of directors must consist of a majority of independent
directors. Currently
 our board of directors has determined that each of the non-management directors
 Al Carmona
 Jan Poulsen
Timothy Stevens and Longjiang Yuan
 are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; directors as defined by the listing standards of NASDAQ currently
in effect and approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and all applicable rules and regulations. All members of
the Audit Committee satisfy the &ldquo;independence&rdquo; standards applicable to members of such committee. The board of directors
made this affirmative determination regarding these directors&rsquo; independence based on discussions with the directors and
on its review of the directors&rsquo; responses to a standard questionnaire regarding employment and compensation history; affiliations
family and other relationships; and transactions with the Company. The board of directors considered relationships and transactions
between each director or any member of his immediate family and the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The purpose of
the board of director&rsquo;s review with respect to each director was to determine whether any such relationships or transactions
were inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent under the NASDAQ rules.




 2010
 we established our
Audit Committee. The Audit Committee consists of Timothy Stevens
 Al Carmona and Jan Poulsen
 each of whom is an independent director.
Timothy Stevens
 Chairman of the Audit Committee
 and Jan Poulsen are each deemed an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo;
as defined under Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to represent and assist our board of directors
in its general oversight of our accounting and financial reporting processes
 audits of the financial statements and internal
control and audit functions. The Audit Committee&rsquo;s responsibilities include:



    
    
The appointment
 replacement
 compensation
 and
    oversight of work of the independent auditor
 including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent
    auditor regarding financial reporting
 for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or performing other audit
    review or attest services; and




    
    
Reviewing and discussing with management and the
    independent auditor various topics and events that may have significant financial impact on our company or that are the subject
    of discussions between management and the independent auditors.



charter for the Audit Committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;During the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 the Audit Committee met nine times.




 2010
 our Board
of Directors approved the adoption of  independent director oversight of executive officer compensation.&nbsp;&nbsp;Hereby
all matters regarding executive officer compensation shall be submitted for approval or recommendation by a majority of our
independent directors.


    
    






 2010
 the Board of Directors
of the Company approved the adoption of the procedures for the selection of director nominees.&nbsp;&nbsp;Hereby a majority of
our independent directors shall re





our officers and directors
 and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities
 to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC.&nbsp;&nbsp;Officers
 directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are
required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.


based solely on a review of the copies of such reports furnished to the Company during its most recent fiscal year
 all reports
under Section 16(a) required to be filed by its officers and directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners were filed as
of the date of this filing
 except for the following:



appointment as Acting Chief Financial Officer;

her appointment as Corporate Secretary of the Company;

his appointment as a Director of the Company;

his appointment as President and Director of the Company;

his appointment as a Director of the Company and one late Form 4 report (3 transactions;






and





 2010
 our Board of Directors
adopted a Code of Conduct applicable to all directors
 officers and employees. &nbsp;A
copy of such Code of Conduct is referenced as Exhibit 14.1 herein.




compensation paid by us
 as well as certain other compensation paid or accrued
 in 2011 and 2012
 to each of the following named
executive officers:



    
    
    
    
Option
    
Compensation
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
15
823
    
100
000
105
408
121
231

    
    
16
695
    
    
64
985
81
680

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
535
    
    
22
191
28
726

    
    
19
171
    
    
64
985
84
156

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
14
266
    
    
    
14
266

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
15
654
    
60
000
92
569
108
223

    
    
3
864
    
    
14
854
18
718

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
125
333
    
    
23
333
148
667

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
57
669
    
    
    
57
669

    
    
56
305
77
363
    
    
133
669

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
10
117
    
40
000
90
350
100
467

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
28
829
    
    
    
28
829

    
    
37
541
    
    
    
37
541

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
142
658
    
    
142
658

    
    
    
108
309
    
54
154
162
463

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
6
657
158
509
    
    
165
166

    
    
    
123
782
    
54
154
177
936

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
18
785
    
40
000
37
250
56
035

    
    
37
738
    
    
    
37
738

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
9
603
    
    
    
9
603

    
    
56
305
    
    
    
56
305



30
 2012 through October 11
 2012.


 2012

the amicable resignation of Wenjun Tian as the Company&rsquo;s President.


 2012
 the Board appointed Mr. Chen
to serve as the Company&rsquo;s President.


 2012
 Ms. Amy He was promoted to
Acting Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Ms. He replaced Mr. Charlie Lin
 whose employment and employment agreement with
the Company officially terminated on March 5
 2012 in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in his employment
agreement. Effective May 23
 2012
 Ms. He was promoted to Chief Financial Officer.


 2012


Secretary.


Mr.&nbsp;Yongqing Ren and Mr.&nbsp;Li Ren
 they are qualified as executive officers for purposes of this table.


 2012
 Mr. Li Ren resigned as the
Company&rsquo;s Vice President - Brand and Marketing and Mr. Weizhong Cai resigned as the Company&rsquo;s Chief Scientist
 and
Mr. Yunlin Ding was appointed the Vice President of Company.


    
    





of securities underlying outstanding plan awards for each named executive officer as of December&nbsp;31
 2012:



    
    
Option
    Awards
Stock
    Awards

    
    
Number
    of 
    Unexercised 
    
Number
    of 
    Unexercised 
Equity
    Incentive
    
    Securities
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    of 
    
Market
    
    Units of 
    
Equity
    
    
    Shares
 That Have
    Not 
Equity
    
    
    

 Units or 
    
    Vested ($)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
150
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
50
000
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
30
000
30
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
20
000
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
20
000
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









incurred by them in connection with attending Board  meetings.&nbsp;&nbsp;The following table presents compensation
distributed to our  directors during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 for serving on the Board of Directors:



    
    
    or Paid in 

    
All
                                                                                                                       Other 
                                                                                                                       Compensation
                                                                                                                       
    
    ($)

    
    
    
    
    

    
48
000
35
667
    
83
667

    
12
000
    
    
12
000

    
48
000
35
667
    
83
667

    
4
755
    
    
4
755

    
7
925
    
    
7
925

    
120
680
71
334
    
192
014

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
31
000
    
    
31
000

    
7
736
    
    
7
736

    
43
810
    
    
43
810

    
82
546
    
    
82
546



to option awards granted to the directors as at the grant date of the options granted in March 8
 2012
 which is determined in
accordance with ASC Topic 718.&nbsp; For information regarding the fair value of option awards as at the grant date of the options
please refer to Note 19 of the Consolidated Financial Statements &ndash; Share-Based Compensation.




 deferred compensation
or retirement plan.




 2010
 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors approved the Company&rsquo;s 2010 Share Incentive Plan.&nbsp;On November
8
 2010
 a total of 931
000 non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the
Plan to executives
 key employees
 independent directors
 and consultants at an exercise price of $4.40 per share and on December
15
 2010
 40
000 non-qualified incentive stock shares were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a
consultant at an exercise price of $4.40 per share
 of which shall vest as follows:


after the date of grant;

after the date of grant; and

(24) months after the date of grant.



 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors increased the number of shares allocated to and authorized for use under the Plan from 1
000
000 shares to
the maximum number of shares allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan (1
245
586) and granted 420
000 options under the
Plan to independent directors
 officers and key employees of the Company
 of which included some new options and those
re-granted after such options were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in
accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All of the newly granted options vest as follows:


(6) months after the date of the grant; and

(12) months after the date of the grant.



 2012
 our Board of Directors
allocated to and authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director of the Company after such options were forfeited by other
former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All
of the granted options vest as follows:



    
    
    
33 1/3% of the option grants be vested one (1) month after the date of
    grant;

    
    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
33 1/3% of the option grants be vested twenty-four (24) months after
    the date of grant.



 2011
 we filed a Registration
Statement with the SEC on Form S-8 covering up to 1
000
000 shares underlying options which may be granted under the Plan. As
of March 25
 2013
 none of the options granted pursuant to the Plan have been exercised.




 2011
 we entered into an
employment agreement with Charlie Lin pursuant to which Mr. Lin was hired as our Chief Financial Officer. Effective March 5
 2012
Mr. Lin&rsquo;s employment and his employment agreement  terminated. A copy of that agreement is referenced herein as Exhibit
10.37.




with any of our directors or executive officers
 and we are not obligated to pay severance or other enhanced benefits to executive
officers upon termination of their employment.

ITEM 12.&nbsp;&nbsp;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management


information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of
 March 25
 2013: (i) by each of our directors
 (ii) by each
of the named executive officers
 (iii) by all of our executive officers and directors as a group
 and (iv) by each person or entity
known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of any class of our outstanding shares. As of March 25
 2013
 there were 10
618
266
shares of our common stock outstanding:



    

    Owner     (1)(2)

    and Nature of Beneficial Ownership
(Number     of shares)

    Diluted Percentage of Outstanding
 Shares of Common Stock(3)


    Over 5% Ownership
    
    

    
    
4
809
511
    

    
    
748
636
    


    and Significant Employees
    
    

    
    
735
761
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
60
000
    

    
    
40
000
    

    
    
40
000
    

    
    
1
001
902
    

    
    
1
001
902
    

    
    
55
000
    

    
    
151
988
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
80
000
    

    
    
2
089
995
    

    
    
5
000
    

Officers and Significant Employees and Directors as a Group (13
    Persons):
5
261
548
    




    
Pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act
 a person has beneficial
    ownership of any securities as to which such person
 directly or indirectly
 through any contract
 arrangement
 undertaking
    relationship or otherwise has or shares voting power and/or investment power or as to which such person has the right to acquire
    such voting and/or investment power within sixty (60) days of March 25
 2013.

    
    

    
Unless otherwise stated
 each beneficial owner has sole power to vote and dispose of the
    shares.

    
    

    
Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 10
618
266 shares of common stock
5
    2013
     with 2
110
094 shares of common
    stock issuable upon the conversion of convertible preferred stock
 1
154
273 shares of common     stock issuance upon the
    exercise of warrants
 and 1
024
000 shares of common stock issuance upon the exercise of exercisable     stock options within
    sixty (60) days  of March 25
 2013 for each beneficial owner.

    
    

    
The registered address of Expert Venture Limited is P.O. Box 957
 Offshore Incorporation
    Centre
 Road Town
 Tortola
 British Virgin Islands. Jianming Hao
 Yongqin Ren
 Junde Zhang
 Hong Wang and William Kwok are
    the shareholders of Expert Venture Limited
 who own 10.1%
 20.0%
 20.0%
 42.0% and 7.9% of the interests of Expert Venture
    Limited
 respectively.

    
    

    
The registered address of Sure Glory Holdings Limited is P.O. Box 957
 Offshore incorporation
    Centre
 Road Town
 Tortola
 British Virgin Islands.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Yuan Xinlei is the sole and controlling person of
    Sure Glory Holdings Limited
 owning the sole share of Sure Glory Holdings Limited.

    
    

    
Mr.&nbsp;Hao holds 10.1% &nbsp;of the interests of Expert Venture Limited and accordingly
    indirectly beneficially owns 485
761&nbsp;shares of our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the Company has granted to Mr.
    Hao options to purchase 250
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan
 250
000 of which have vested.

    
    

    
The Company has granted to Ms. He options to purchase 60
000 shares of our common stock
    under the Plan
 60
000 of which have vested.



    
    




    
The Company has granted to Mr. Zhou options to purchase 40
000 shares
    of common stock under the Company&rsquo;s share option plan
 40
000 of which have vested.

    
    

    
The Company has granted to Ms. Wan options to purchase 40
000 shares of our common stock
    under the Plan
 40
000 of which have vested.

    
    

    
Mr.&nbsp;Ren holds 20.0% of interests of Expert Venture Limited and accordingly
 indirectly
    beneficially owns 961
903 shares of our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the Company has granted to Mr. Ren options to
    purchase 40
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan
 40
000 of which have vested.

    
    

    
Mr.&nbsp; Zhang holds 20.0% of interests of Expert Venture Limited and accordingly
 indirectly
    beneficially owns 961
903 shares of our common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 the Company has granted to Mr. Zhang options
    to purchase 40
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan
 40
000 of which have vested.

    
    

    
The Company has granted to Mr. Yunling Ding options to purchase 55
000 shares of our common
    stock under the Plan
 55
000 of which have vested.

    
    

    
Al Carmona was an investor in the financing that closed immediately following the Exchange.&nbsp;&nbsp;As
    of March 25
 2013
 Mr. Al&nbsp;Carmona owned 49
802 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Shares
 9
186 shares
    of common stock and a warrant exercisable into 18
000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $5.06. In addition
 the
    Company has granted to Mr. Carmona options to purchase 75
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan
 75
000 of which have
    vested.

    
    

    
The Company has granted to Mr. Stevens options to purchase 80
000 shares of our common stock
    under the Plan
 80
000 of which have vested.

    
    

    
Mr.&nbsp;Wang holds 42.0% of the interests of Expert Venture Limited and accordingly
 indirectly
    beneficially owns 2
019

    addition
 the Company has granted to Mr. Wang options to purchase 170
000 shares of our common stock under the Plan
 70
000
    of which have vested.

    
    

    
The Company has granted to Mr. Longjiang Yuan options to purchase 5
000 shares of our common
    stock under the Plan
 5
000 of which have vested.


ITEM 13.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence




650
and $3
250
946 to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech Development Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;BYGT&quot;)
 the Executive Director of which is Jianming
Hao
 the Company's Chief Executive Officer
 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.


amount of $0 and $1.1 million to Tieling Zhongnong Agriculture Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (&quot;TZAT&quot;)
 the legal
representative of which is Yongqin Ren
 the Company's Vice President of the Corn Division
 during the years ended December 31
2012 and 2011
 respectively. The Company also purchased a batch of sunflower seed worth $2.6 million from TZAT in June 2011 and
returned the goods at original cost for quality rejection. The prices in the transactions with such related parties were determined
according to market prices at the time of sale




grains to Mr. Feng Liu
 the legal representative and the non-controlling shareholder of Jilin Jinglong
 for $315
369 in December
2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the full amount under this transaction remained outstanding.


    
    



for $24
650 and $3
250
946 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 and the amounts due to and due from
BYGT as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $265
291 and $468
976
 respectively.



Dongsheng International
Investment Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Dongsheng International&rdquo;)
 one of the ultimate shareholders of which is Wenjun Tian
 the Company's
former 
 loaned to the Company in the aggregate amount of $3.1 million
and $2.9 million in 2012 and 2011
 respectively for purposes of working capital supplementation. Such loans are unsecured
 bear
no interest and no due date are specified. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the amounts due to Dongsheng International were
$6.0 million and $2.9 million under these loans
 respectively. 

Wenjun Tian
 the Company
 loaned in the aggregate amount of $0.2 million
and $2.5 million to the Company in the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 for purposes of working capital supplementation.
Such loans are unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date are specified. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the amounts due to
Wenjun Tian were $2.7 million and $2.5 million under these loans
 respectively.




 2012
 Wenjun Tian
 provided
a one year guarantee on a $1.3 million short-term bank loan payable to Dah Sing Bank (China) Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a
fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released
by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.2%. The maturity date is July 17
 2013.
Detian Yu paid $0 towards principal and $38
803 towards interest on the loan during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012. $1.3
million was outstanding under the loan as of December 31
 2012.


 2012
 Wenjun Tian
 provided
a one year guarantee on a $0.16 million short-term bank loan payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch. bearing interest at a
fixed rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released
by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 9%. The maturity date is September 27
 2013.Detian
Yu paid $0.04 million towards principal and $3
329 towards interest on the loan during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012.
$0.12 million was outstanding under the loan as of December 31
 2012.


 2012
 Yuci Jinmao Food Processing
Factory
 the legal representative of which is Junlian Zheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 the Vice President of the Company
 provided
a two-year guarantee on a $1.4 million short-term bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
by Jinzhong Yongcheng
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on
the six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
2012 was 15.084%. The maturity date is August 29
 2013. Jinzhong Yongcheng paid $0 towards principal and $61
534 towards interest
on the loan during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012. $1.4 million was outstanding under the loan as of December 31
 2012



 2012
 Yuci Jinmao Food Processing
Factory
 the legal representative of which is Junlian Zheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 the Vice President of the Company
 provided
a two-year guarantee on a $1.4 million short-term bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
by Jinzhong Yuliang
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on
the six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
2012 was 15.084%. The maturity date is August 29
 2013. Jinzhong Yuliang paid $0 towards principal and $61
534 towards interest
on the loan during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012. $1.4 million was outstanding under the loan as of December 31
 2012.


    
    









interest that are inherent in the relationships between our officers and directors.


 one or more of our affiliates
may form or hold an ownership interest in and/or manage other businesses both related and unrelated to the type of business that
we own and operate. These persons expect to continue to form
 hold an ownership interest in and/or manage additional other businesses
which may compete with ours with respect to operations
 including financing and marketing
 management time and services and potential
customers. These activities may give rise to conflicts between or among the interests of us and other businesses with which our
affiliates are associated. Our affiliates are in no way prohibited from undertaking such activities
 and neither we nor our shareholders
will have any right to require participation in such other activities.


 because we intend to transact
business with some of our officers
 directors and affiliates
 as well as with firms in which some of our officers
 directors or
affiliates have a material interest
 potential conflicts may arise between the respective interests of us and these related persons
or entities. We believe that such transactions will be effected on terms at least as favorable to us as those available from unrelated
third parties.


real or apparent conflicts of interest
 we have adopted policies and procedures which require that: (a) the fact of the relationship
or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or known to the directors who authorize or approve the transaction
prior to such authorization or approval
 (b) the transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested outside directors
and (c) the transaction be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors.






fees paid and payable to KCCW Accountancy Corp. (&ldquo;KCCW&rdquo;) during the years ended December 31
 2011 and 2012:



    
    
    

    
310
000
400
000

    
10
000
60
000

    
    
25
000

    
    
    



rendered by KCCW for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of the financial statements included in our quarterly
reports on Forms 10-Q
 and services that are normally provided by KCCW in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or
engagements for that fiscal year.


KCCW that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above
under Audit Fees.&nbsp;This category includes accounting consultations on transaction and proposed transaction related matters.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
incurred these fees in connection with the acquisition transaction occurred during the year ended December 31
 2012.


service fees
 which relate to the preparation of U.S. tax returns.


registered public accounting firm for any other fees.




accountant each year and pre-approves the audit services.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Audit Committee chair is authorized to pre-approve specified
non-audit services for fees not exceeding specified amounts
 if he promptly advises the other Audit Committee members of such
approval.


    
    





 2011
and 2012
 KCCW was our principal auditor and no work was performed by persons outside of KCCW.








under the &ldquo;F&rdquo; pages of this Annual Report. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either
not required
 not applicable
 or the information is otherwise included.





    
Share Exchange Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
    (1)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Securities Purchase Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
Registration Rights Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
Form of Lock-Up Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
Securities Escrow Agreement Dated April 27
 2010 (1)

    
    

    
Placement Agent Agreement between the Company and Maxim Group
 LLC dated January 27
 2010(6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between Hong Wang and Yam Sheung Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between Jianming Hao and Yam Sheung Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between Wenjun Tian and Yam Sheung Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between Yongqing Ren and Yam Sheung Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Share Transfer Agreement between Junde Zhang and Yam Sheung Kwok dated April 26
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Employment Agreement between David Lethem
 as Chief Financial Officer
 and the Company dated
    June 18
 2010 (4)

    
    

    
Certificate from China Organic Food Certification Center dated December 21
 2009 (6)

    
    

    
Corn Purchase Letter of Intent between Shanghai Yihai Trading Co.
 Ltd.
 Shanxi Office and
    Jinzhong Yuliang Agricultural Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 20
 2009 (6)



    
    




    
Warehouse Lease Agreement between Shanxi 661 Warehouse and Jinzhong Yongcheng
    Agricultural Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 21
 2006 (6)

    
    

    
Warehouse Lease Agreement between Shanxi Means of Production Company
 Yuci Warehouse (formerly
    the 671 Warehouse) and Jinzhong Yongcheng Agricultural Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 28
 2008 (6)

    
    

    
Railway Lease Agreement between Shanxi Cereal &amp; Oil Group
 Mingli Reservation Depot
    and Jinzhong Yongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 21
 2006 (6)

    
    

    
Railway Lease Agreement between Shanxi Yuci Cereal Reservation Depot and Jinzhong Yongcheng
    Agriculture Trading Co.
 Limited dated November 15
 2007 (6)

    
    

    
Railway Lease Agreement between Yuci Dongzhao Railway Freight Station and Jinzhong Yongcheng
    Agriculture Trading Co.
 Limited dated December 21
 2006 (6)

    
    

    
Agricultural Technology Cooperation Agreement between Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading
    Co.
 Ltd. and Millet Research Institute
 Shanxi Academy of Agricultural Science dated October 2007 (6)

    
    

    
Agricultural Technology Cooperation Agreement between Sorghum Institute
 Shanxi Academy
    of Agricultural Sciences and Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. dated August 24
 2008 (6)

    
    

    
Certificate of Forest Rights for the Yuci Forest Right Certificate (2005) No. 01518 dated
    August 11
 2006 (6)

    
    

    
Farmland Transfer Agreement between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Ltd. and Shanxi
    Jinbei Plant Technology Co
 Ltd. dated September 30
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
Land Use Rights Acquisition Contract Dated September 30
 2010 (5)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and between
    Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (English translated
    version) (8)

    
    

    
Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and between
    Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version)
    (8)




    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and between
    Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (English Translated
    Version) (8)

    
    

    
Business Operation Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology
    (Beijing) Co. Limited
 Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. and each of the shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan
    Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
Business Operation Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology
    (Beijing) Co. Limited
 Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. and both of the shareholders of Jinzhong Longyue Investment
    Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
Share Pledge Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing)
    Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.: Tian Wenjun
 Hao Jianming
    Yang Jianhui
 Zhou Jianbin
 Ren Li
 Ren Yongqing
 Zhang Junde and Wang Tao (English translated version) (8)



    
    




    
Share Pledge Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and among Detian
    Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd.:
    Zhao Jing and Zhao Peilin (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Equity Acquisition Option Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
&nbsp;&nbsp;by and among Detian
    Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
    Ltd.: Tian Wenjun
 Hao Jianming
 Yang Jianhui
 Zhou Jianbin
 Ren Li
 Ren Yongqing
 Zhang Junde and Wang Tao (English translated
    version) (8)

    
    

    
Equity Acquisition Option Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
&nbsp;&nbsp;by and among Detian
    Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd.:
    Zhao Jing and Zhao Peilin (English translated version) (8)

    
    

    
Business Cooperation Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology
    (Beijing) Co. Limited and Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English Translated Version) (8)

    
    

    
Village Collective Farmland Transfer Agreement
 dated December&nbsp;20
 2010
 by and between
    Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. and Shanxi Jinbei Plant Technology Development Co.
 Ltd. (English Translated and
    Mandarin Versions)&nbsp;(9)

    
    

    
Contract of Agreement
 effective as of January 10
 2011
&nbsp;&nbsp;by and between Deyu
    Agriculture Corp. and Charlie Lin (10)

    
    

    
Stock Equity Transfer Agreement in relation to Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 LTd. and Shanxi Huichun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd.
 dated February 2
 2012
 by and among Redsun
 HE Hao
 an individual
 XU Qinghe
 an individual
 XIE Jinqing
 an individual and Beijing Kanggang Food Development Co.
 Ltd. (Chinese and English Translated Versions)* (12)

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreement
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreement
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Business Cooperation Agreement
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (English Translated Version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Business Cooperation Agreement
 by and between Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English Translated Version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Business Operation Agreement
 by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited
 Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. and each of the shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Business Operation Agreement
 by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited
 Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. and both of the shareholders of Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd. (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Regarding the Equity Pledge Agreement
 by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.: Tian Wenjun
 Hao Jianming
 Yang Jianhui
 Zhou Jianbin
 Ren Li
 Ren Yongqing
 Zhang Junde and Wang Tao (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Regarding the Equity Pledge Agreement
 by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd.: Zhao Jing and Zhao Peilin (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Equity Acquisition Option Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
&nbsp;&nbsp;by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd.: Tian Wenjun
 Hao Jianming
 Yang Jianhui
 Zhou Jianbin
 Ren Li
 Ren Yongqing
 Zhang Junde and Wang Tao (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
Termination Agreement Regarding the Equity Acquisition Option Agreement
 dated November 16
 2010
&nbsp;&nbsp;by and among Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co. Limited and the following shareholders of Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consulting Co.
 Ltd.: Zhao Jing and Zhao Peilin (English translated version)* (13)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002*

    
    

    
Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002*

    
    

    
Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant To Section 906 of
    the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002**




    
Certification Pursuant To 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 As Adopted Pursuant
    To Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Of 2002**

    
    

    
Audit Committee Charter adopted August 19
 2010 (6)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    



    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    





    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on May 3
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on July 8
 2009.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on June 4
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on June 18
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on October 6
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form S-1/A filed on October 21
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form S-8 filed on November 5
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on November 17
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on December 21
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on January 10
 2011.

    
Incorporated by reference to our Form 8-K filed on May 3
 2010.

    
Incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on February 8
 2012

    
Incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on December 27
 2011





 not filed herewith.


    
    





Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
    

    
    
    

Date: March 27
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Jianming Hao
 Principal Executive Officer
 Chief 
    



Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated
on the dates indicated.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Principal Executive Officer
 Chief Executive Officer
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 27
 2013

    
    
    
    
    




    
    




December 31
 2012



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




    
    
        
        


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM





of Deyu Agriculture Corp. and Subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated
statements of income and comprehensive income
 equity
 and cash flows for the years then ended.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&rsquo;s
management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).&nbsp;&nbsp;Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our
audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control
over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit includes examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated
financial statement presentation.&nbsp;&nbsp;We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Deyu Agriculture Corp. and Subsidiaries
as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.




 California

 2013



 Diamond Bar
CA 91765
 USA

529 1580 &bull; info@kccwcpa.com



    
    









    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
937
279
8
741
703

    
815
348
1
850
999


 net
33
991
288
36
167
136

    
397
214
587
108

    
30
322
191
20
314
090

    
6
145
840
7
233
371

    
1
453
184
391
537

    
    
1
634
274

    
340
456
2
204
934

    
78
402
800
79
125
152

    
    
    


 plant
 and equipment
 net
19
442
599
12
355
946

    
2
614
491
    

    
58
426
    

    
    
727
535


 net
13
389
075
10
651
844

    
    
    

    
113
907
391
102
860
477

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
323
623
14
413
480

    
5
179
729
1
833
190

    
    
1
588
840

    
2
249
282
8
488
272

    
1
506
776
1
149
205

    
305
712
    

    
229
171
219
721

    
8
933
843
5
445
115

    
720
862
583
196

    
27
448
998
33
721
019

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
&nbsp;&nbsp;2
039
970 and 1
997
467 shares outstanding
 respectively
2
040
1
997


 $.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 10
658
266 and 10
564
774 shares outstanding
 respectively
10
658
10
565

    
20
781
439
20
367
138

    
5
737
793
4
831
353

    
59
500
134
43
491
465

    
86
032
064
68
702
518

    
426
329
436
940

    
86
458
393
69
139
458

    
    
    

    
113
907
391
102
860
477





part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME




    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
254
046
098
261
576
666

    
(209
325
445
(218
480
009

    
44
720
653
43
096
657

    
    
    

    
(16
153
096
(13
231
094

    
(9
619
036
(8
222
182

    
(25
772
132
(21
453
276

    
18
948
521
21
643
381

    
    
    

    
37
846
42
159

    
(1
477
304
(805
601

    
665
270
(180
294

    
(774
188
(943
736

    
    
    

    
18
174
333
20
699
645

    
(1
765
514
(184
384

    
16
408
819
20
515
261


 net of income taxes
    
(3
891
830

    
    
    

    
16
408
819
16
623
431

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
46
599
38
673

    
    
1
101
255

    
46
599
1
139
928

    
16
455
418
17
763
359

    
(446
748
(427
917

    
16
008
670
17
335
442

    
910
907
2
751
687

    
16
919
577
20
087
129

    
(4
467
(130
653

    
16
915
110
19
956
476

    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of income taxes
16
008
670
20
126
017


 net of income taxes
    
(2
790
575

    
16
008
670
17
335
442

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
10
598
603
10
522
432

    
12
614
108
12
497
164





part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Preferred
    Stock
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 31
 2010
2
106
088
2
106
10
349
774
10
350
18
770
230
2
272
633
22
385
134
    
43
440
453

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
877
892
(62
314
    
2
989
304
3
804
882

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
469
147
469
147

    
(175
000
    
175
000
    
    
    
    
    
    

Covertible preferred stocks issued for payment of preferred stock
    dividends
66
379
    
    
    
212
354
    
    
    
212
420

    
    
    
    
    
428
702
    
    
    
428
702

    
    
    
40
000
    
77
960
    
    
    
78
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
2
621
034
    
130
653
2
751
687

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
770
889
(2
012
236
1
758
653

Net earnings for the year ended December 31
    2011
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
335
442
(1
139
928
16
195
514

Balance at December 31
 2011
1
997
467
1
997
10
564
774
10
565
20
367
138
4
831
353
43
491
465
436
940
69
139
458

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
31
521
31
521

    
(13
492
    
13
492
    
    
    
    
    
    

Covertible preferred stocks issued for payment of preferred stock
    dividends
55
995
    
    
    
179
128
    
    
    
179
184

    
    
    
    
    
120
853
    
    
    
120
853

    
    
    
80
000
    
114
320
    
    
    
114
400

    
    
    
    
    
    
906
440
    
4
467
910
907

Net earnings for the year ended December 31
    2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
16
008
669
(46
599
15
962
070

Balance at December 31
 2012
2
039
970
2
040
10
658
266
10
658
20
781
439
5
737
793
59
500
134
426
329
86
458
393





part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    








    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
008
670
17
335
442

    
    
2
790
575

    
    
    

    
2
297
082
979
297

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
120
853
428
702

    
446
748
219
721

    
    
212
420

    
114
400
78
000

    
(499
079
    

    
878
746
184
384

    
(46
599
(38
673

    
    
    

    
2
649
036
(23
824
017

    
226
755
(494
752

    
(8
383
187
(2
873
705

    
1
987
857
(5
840
601

    
(40
331
(539
339

    
    
    

    
2
967
217
1
584
038

    
(6
471
286
1
677
638

    
297
336
346
492

    
12
554
795
(7
774
378

    
    
(3
858
325

    
12
554
795
(11
632
703

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(5
501
046
    

    
(900
487
(109
856

    
(128
383
(3
759
859

    
(33
294
    

    
20
272
    

    
    
(76
995

    
    
(76
715

    
    
(8
902

    
(6
542
938
(4
032
327

    
    
(2
476
523

    
(6
542
938
(6
508
850

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(12
658
509
11
349
219

    
(1
585
087
1
547
269

    
1
281
894
(1
802
568

    
3
312
931
3
101
839

    
(267
721
(243
678

    
31
702
464
180

    
    
125
560

    
    
    

    
(9
884
790
14
542
773

    
    
5
918
988

    
(9
884
790
20
461
761

    
    
    

    
68
509
352
429

    
    
    

    
(3
804
424
2
672
637

    
    
(403
208

    
(3
804
424
3
075
845

    
    
    


 BEGINNING BALANCE
8
741
703
5
665
858


 ENDING BALANCE
4
937
279
8
741
703

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
678
420
    

    
1
815
269
809
448

    
    
    


 plant
 and equipment
    
5
914
602

    
    
2
320
904

    
    
8
221
569





part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    





NATURE OF
BUSINESS AND BASIS OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT PREPARATION


 formerly
known as Eco Building International
 Inc.
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 23
 2008. We completed
the acquisition of City Zone Holdings Limited (&ldquo;City Zone&rdquo;)
 an agricultural products distributor in the Shanxi Province
of the People&rsquo;s Republic of China (the &ldquo;PRC&rdquo;) engaged in procuring
 processing
 marketing
 and distributing
various grain and corn products
 by means of a share exchange effective April 27
 2010. As a result of the share exchange
 City
Zone became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We currently conduct our business primarily through operating PRC subsidiaries
 including
Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinzhong Deyu&rdquo;)
 Jinzhong Yuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinzhong
Yuliang&rdquo;)
 Jinzhong Yongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Jinzhong Yongcheng&rdquo;)
 Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
Ltd. (&ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;)
 Shanxi Huichun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huichun&rdquo; and together with Taizihu
 the &ldquo;Taizihu
Group&rdquo;
 see Note 20) and Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Detian Yu&rdquo;) and Detian Yu&rsquo;s subsidiaries.


 2010
 our Board of Directors adopted a resolution
to change our name to &quot;Deyu Agriculture Corp.&quot; and FINRA declared the name change effective on June 2
 2010.




 2010
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement
(&ldquo;Share Exchange&rdquo;) pursuant to which we issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 to
Expert Venture Limited (&ldquo;Expert Venture&rdquo;)
 a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
 and the
other shareholders of City Zone (the &ldquo;City Zone Shareholders&rdquo;). As a result of the Share Exchange
 City Zone became
our wholly-owned subsidiary and City Zone Shareholders acquired a majority of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock.
Concurrent with the Share Exchange
 Mr. Jianming Hao (&ldquo;Mr. Hao&rdquo;)
 the managing director of City Zone and all of its
operating subsidiaries
 was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer.

 the Share Exchange has been accounted for as a
reverse acquisition using the purchase method of accounting
 whereby City Zone is deemed to be the accounting acquirer (the legal
acquiree) and we are to be the accounting acquiree (legal acquirer). The financial statements before the date of the Share Exchange
are those of City Zone with our results being consolidated from the date of the Share Exchange. The equity section and earnings
per share have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse acquisition and no goodwill has been recorded.

on July 27
 2009 under the BVI Business Companies Act of 2004. In November 2009
 pursuant to the restructuring plan set out below
City Zone became the holding company of a group of companies comprising Most Smart International Limited (&quot;Most Smart&quot;)
Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co. Limited (&ldquo;Shenzhen Redsun&rdquo;)
 Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd.(&quot;Shenzhen
JiRuHai&quot;)
 Detian Yu
 Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang.




 pursuant to a restructuring plan (&ldquo;Restructuring&rdquo;)
intended to ensure compliance with PRC rules and regulations
 City Zone
 through a series of acquisitions and wholly-owned subsidiaries
acquired 100% of the equity interests in Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzheng Yuliang
 and Jinzhong Yongcheng. The former shareholders and
key management of Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng
 and Jinzhong Yuliang became the ultimate controlling parties and key management
of City Zone. This restructuring exercise has been accounted for as a recapitalization of Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and
Jinzhong Yuliang with no adjustment to the historical basis of the assets and liabilities of these companies
 while the historical
financial positions and results of operations are consolidated as if the restructuring occurred as of the beginning of the earliest
period presented in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. For the purpose of a consistent and comparable presentation
the consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if City Zone had been in existence since the beginning of the earliest
and throughout the whole periods covered by these consolidated financial statements.


    
    





 2010
 Detian Yu entered into a series of contractual
arrangements (the &ldquo;Contractual Arrangements&rdquo;) with each of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Junda&rdquo;)
Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consultancy Services Co.
 Ltd. (&ldquo;Longyue&rdquo;) and their shareholders
 pursuant to which Detian
Yu effectively took over management of the business activities of Junda and Longyue.


on June 13
 2010 with registered capital of $14
637 (RMB 100
000) by Jianming Hao
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company
 and Wenjun Tian
 President and Director of the Company. As of December 31
 2010
 Junda&rsquo;s equity interest was 100%
held by several executives and managers of the Company
 including (a) Jianming Hao
 owning 33% of Junda
 (b) Wenjun Tian
 owning
34% of Junda
 (c) Jianbin Zhou
 the Chief Operating Officer of the Company
 owning 10% of Junda
 (d) Li Ren
 Vice President of
Branding and Marketing of the Company
 owning 5% of Junda
 (e) Yongqing Ren
 Vice President of the Corn Division of the Company
owning 3% of Junda and (f) Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Grains Division of the Company
 owning 3% of Junda. As a result
the execution of the Contractual Arrangements with Junda is considered a related party transaction.


agreements with a term of ten (10) years
 including:


Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreements
                                                                      through which Detian Yu provided to each of Junda and Longyue
                                                                      management consulting services in relation to the business
                                                                      of Junda and Longyue in exchange for 35% of the net income
                                                                      after taxes of Junda and Longyue every fiscal year.


Business Cooperation Agreements
 through which Detian
                                                                      Yu provided business cooperation opportunities and services
                                                                      including clients
 cooperation partners and market information
                                                                      in the fields of grain processing
 sales and financing to
                                                                      each of Junda and Longyue in exchange for cooperation fees
                                                                      and commissions from each of Junda and Longyue equal to
                                                                      65% of the net income after tax of each of Junda and Longyue
                                                                      in every fiscal year.


Business Operations Agreements
 through which Detian
                                                                      Yu had exclusive authority of all decision-making of ongoing
                                                                      operations
 including establishing compensation levels and
                                                                      hiring and firing of key personnel. In order to ensure the
                                                                      normal operations of Junda and Longyue
 Detian Yu acted
                                                                      as the guarantor and provided guarantees on the performance
                                                                      of the obligations of Junda and Longyue under all contracts
                                                                      executed by Junda and Longyue.


Share Pledge Agreements
 through which the shareholders
                                                                      of Junda and Longyue agreed to pledge all of their respective
                                                                      equity interests in Junda or Longyue (as the case may be)
                                                                      as security for the performance of all of the obligations
                                                                      or debts under the Exclusive Management and Consulting Service
                                                                      Agreements and Business Cooperation Agreements assumed by
                                                                      Junda and Longyue
 and under a counter-guarantee to all
                                                                      the payments made by Detian Yu for the performance of the
                                                                      guarantees assumed by Detian Yu under the Business Operation
                                                                      Agreements.


Power of Attorney
 signed by each of the shareholders
                                                                      of Junda and Longyue
 which authorized a designee appointed
                                                                      by Detian Yu to exercise all of their respective voting
                                                                      rights as a shareholder.


Equity Acquisition Option Agreements
 through which
                                                                      the shareholders of Junda and Longyue granted Detian Yu
                                                                      an irrevocable and unconditional right to purchase
 or cause
                                                                      a designated party of Detian Yu to purchase
 part or all
                                                                      of the equity interests in Junda and Longyue from such shareholders
                                                                      when and to the extent that
 applicable PRC laws permit.
                                                                      The consideration for the equity acquisition option for
                                                                      Junda was RMB 80
000
000 and the consideration for the equity
                                                                      option for Longyue was RMB 120
000
000.


    
    



 2011
 Deyufarm received a capital injection
of $3
800
505 (RMB 24
971
218) from SBCVC Fund III Company Limited (&quot;SBCVC&quot;)
 a company organized under the laws of
Hong Kong
 in exchange for 35.69% of Deyufarm's equity interest pursuant to the two Investment and Relevant Issues Agreements
entered into by each of Junda and Longyue with Deyufarm and SBCVC on September 15
 2010. According to the Investment and Relevant
Issues Agreements
 SBCVC shall have invested an equivalent of RMB 25
000
000 of US dollars to Deyufarm. Before or in the meantime
that SBCVC completes such investment to Deyufarm
 Longyue shall have invested RMB 35
000
000 to Deyufarm through a capital increase
and obtained the relevant capital verification report. Any time within 2 years after completing an investment to Deyufarm
 SBCVC
had the right to require Deyufarm to repurchase in advance
 or Junda or Longyue to purchase part of or all the equity interests
of Deyufarm owned by SBCVC. The board of directors of Deyufarm shall have been comprised of 3 directors
 and Junda
 Longyue and
SBCVC shall have each nominated one director. The board of directors shall have nominated a financial administrator agreed to
by SBCVC. Forty-eight (48) months after SBCVC completed its investment in Deyufarm
 the parties shall have consummated a qualified
IPO of Deyufarm.


 2011
 Deyufarm received an additional capital
injection of $4
495 (RMB 28
782) from SBCVC for 0.02% of Deyufarm's equity interest.


 SBCVC
 Junda and Longyue
owned 35.71%
 14.29% and 50% of the equity interests in Deyufarm
 respectively. The total registered capital of Deyufarm increased
from $6
688
635 (RMB 45
000
000) to $10
493
516 (RMB 70
000
000).


 2011
 Detian Yu entered into a series of termination
agreements (collectively
 the &ldquo;Termination Agreements&rdquo;) with each of Junda
 Longyue and their shareholders
 pursuant
to which Detian Yu gave up the control management of the business activities of Junda and Longyue. According to the Termination
Agreements
 each side agreed to terminate the Contractual Arrangements entered into on November 16
 2010.




 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a company organized under
the laws of PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 entered into a Stock Equity Transfer Agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;)
whereby Shenzhen Redsun acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of the Taizihu Group. In consideration
for the acquisition of Taizihu Group
 Shenzhen Redsun paid $2
342
168 (RMB 14
773
222) in cash to Mr. Hao He
 an individual
 for
50% of Taizihu
 $1
522
409 (RMB 9
602
594) in cash to Mr. Qinghe Xu
 an individual
 for 32.5% of Taizihu and $819
759 (RMB5
170
628)
in cash to Mr. Jinqing Xie
 an individual
 for the remaining 17.5% of Taizihu. Immediately prior to the execution of the Agreement
Taizihu owned 85% of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of Huichun
 and pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
Shenzhen Redsun acquired the remaining 15% of the share capital of Huichun from Beijing Kanggang Food Development Co.
 Ltd. for
$817
845 (RMB 5
158
556). The total amount of the consideration paid for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group was $5
502
181 (RMB
34
705
000)
 and such consideration was determined pursuant to arm&rsquo;s length negotiations between the parties. As a result
of the acquisition
 the Company currently owns and controls 100% of the Taizihu Group.




follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 July 27
 2009
20
283
581
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 March 11
 2009
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Shenzhen Redsun)

 August 20
 2009
30
000
    

 Taizihu and Huichun

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd.(Shenzhen JiRuHai)

 August 20
 2009
14
638
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Detian Yu)

 November 30
 2006
7
637
723
    

    food. Holding company of the following first five entities.

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Jinzhong Deyu)

 April 22
 2004
1
492
622
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Jinzhong Yongcheng)

 May 30
 2006
1
025
787
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Jinzhong Yuliang)

 March 17
 2008
1
019
516
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Tianjin Guandu)

 June 21
 2011
1
544
497
    

    and staple food.

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Hebei Yugu)

 July 25
 2011
1
563
824
    

    of import &amp; export business for grain products.

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (&ldquo;Taizihu&rdquo;) (1)

 July 27
 2003
1
208
233
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (&ldquo;Huichun&rdquo;)(1)

 September 2
 2007
2
636
192
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 October 10
 2012
3
152
138
    

 storage and sales of corn and grain.

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Junda)(3)

 June 13
 2010
14
637
Variable
                                                          interest
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Longyue)(3)

 June 2
 2010
4
393
Variable
                                                          interest
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Deyufarm)(3)

 June 13
 2010
10
493
516
Variable
                                                          interest

    company of the following two companies.

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (HaoLiangXin)(3)

 April 25
 2008
1
202
460
Variable
                                                          interest

    tea products.

    
    
    
    
    


 Ltd. (Xinggu Deyufarm)(3)

 November 25
 2010
1
515
152
Variable
                                                          interest
    



of the Company on February 2
 2012 through a business acquisition. They are within consolidation scope since then.


 2012
 a subsidiary namely Jilin Jinglong
)
with registered capital of RMB 20 million Yuan
 was incorporated in Jilin Province
 one of the three provinces of Northeast China.
Detian Yu
 one of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries and Feng Liu
 an unrelated third party hold 99% and 1% of its interests
respectively. Jinglong is primarily engaged in procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.


 Longyue
Deyufarm
 Haoliangxin
 Xinggu Deyufarm
 (collectively
 the &ldquo;VIE Group&rdquo;) on December 20
 2011. The operation results
of the VIE Group are included in the consolidated financial statements from January 1 to December 20
 2011.


    
    







the financial statements of Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 its subsidiaries
 and those variable interest entities where the Company is
the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition.


in accordance with US GAAP. The Company&rsquo;s function currency is the Chinese Yuan
 or Renminbi (&ldquo;RMB&rdquo;); however
the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (&ldquo;USD&rdquo;).


 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share
Exchange
 we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31 to conform to the fiscal year end of City Zone.




conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes its estimates based on historical experience and various other assumptions
and information that are available and believed to be reasonable at the time the estimates are made. Therefore
 actual results
could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.




 cash in
banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.

we had
 as of December 31
 2010
 $125
560 in a trust account. The use of these funds required the written approval of our placement
agent and us. The funds in the escrow account were designated for certain expenses
 such as investor relations
 accounting/consulting
fees
 SEC fees
 and stock transfer agent fees. This amount was classified as restricted cash under current assets on our balance
sheet as of December 31
 2010
 while the restriction has been released in 2011.


 2012
 the balance of restricted cash included:
(a) $266
122 of cash was restricted as the pledge for $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) and $264
843 (RMB 1
650
000) of bank loans obtained
from China Merchants Bank
 Dongzhimen Branch on November 30
 2011 and January 11
 2012
 respectively
 of which the loan of $2
142
822
(RMB 13
350
000) was paid off on November 29
 2012; (b) $481
533 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $1
284
089
(RMB8
 000
000) obtained from Dah Sing Bank (China) Co. Ltd. on July 18
 2012; (c) $16
051 of cash was restricted as a pledge
for a bank loan of $14
446(RMB90
 000) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Subbranch; and (d) $51
642 of cash was
restricted as pledges for bank loans of $802
555 (RMB 5
000
000) obtained from Agriculture Development Bank of China on November
3
 2011
 which were paid off on December 7
 2012.





of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts
 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based
primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&rsquo;s
payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these
reserves. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of accounts receivable greater than three months was not material. As of December
31
 2011
 there were no customers with accounts receivable greater than three months past due.



    
    






Cost is determined on a moving-average basis. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in delivering products
to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date
or to management&rsquo;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management periodically evaluates the composition of
its inventories at least quarterly to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required.
As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 slow moving or obsolete inventory identified by management was not material.




sale in the period in which all of the following criteria are met: (a) management
 having the authority to approve the action
commits to a plan to sell the asset; (b) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms
that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete
the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (d) the sale of the asset is probable
 and transfer of the asset is expected to
qualify for recognition as a completed sale
 within one year
 except as permitted by paragraph ASC 360-10-45-11. The term probable
refers to a future sale that is likely to occur; (e) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable
in relation to its current fair value. The price at which a long-lived asset is being marketed is indicative of whether the entity
currently has the intent and ability to sell the asset. A market price that is reasonable in relation to fair value indicates
that the asset is available for immediate sale
 whereas a market price in excess of fair value indicates that the asset is not
available for immediate sale; and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes
to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn.


to fair value less cost to sell. A gain shall be recognized for any subsequent increase in fair value less cost to sell
 but not
in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized (for a write-down to fair value less cost to sell). The loss or gain shall
adjust only the carrying amount of a long-lived asset
 whether classified as held for sale individually or as part of a disposal
group.

Property
 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions
 renewals and betterments
are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation
are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is included in operations.


the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





new factory park construction
 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress
is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress is transferred to property
 plant
 and equipment.


    
    





360)
 &quot;Property
 Plant
 and Equipment&quot; which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal
of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance
with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations
when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than
the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except
that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. There was no impairment of long-lived assets as of and for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.




 an impairment
loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount
of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from
the use of the asset. The was no impairment of intangible assets as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.




 &ldquo;Fair Value Measurements&rdquo; (formerly
SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity
measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
 maximize the use of observable units and minimize the use
of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques
used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and related
disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable
inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing
the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs
that reflect the Company&rsquo;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad
levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:


Level 1 &ndash; Inputs are quoted prices in active markets
                                                                      for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has
                                                                      the ability to access at the measurement date. Valuation
                                                                      of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment
                                                                      as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets
                                                                      that are readily and regularly available.


Level 2 &ndash; Inputs other than quoted prices in active
                                                                      markets that are either directly or indirectly observable
                                                                      as of the measurement date
 such as quoted prices for similar
                                                                      assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are
                                                                      not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
                                                                      corroborated by observable market data for substantially
                                                                      the full term of the assets or liabilities.


Level 3 &ndash; Valuations based on inputs that are
                                                                      unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair
                                                                      value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined
                                                                      using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
                                                                      or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a
                                                                      market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.


require or permit fair value measurements. On February 12
 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective
Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial
assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 except
for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually).
The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.


    
    



both liabilities and equity under ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150
 &ldquo;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics
of Both Liabilities and Equity&rdquo;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &ldquo;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments
Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&rsquo;s Own Stock&rdquo;). We have determined ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150)
and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) has no material effect on our financial position or results of operations.




with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (&ldquo;SAB 104&rdquo;). The Company recognizes product revenue when the following
fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to
the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company
recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally
used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company assesses whether a price
is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to
refund or adjustment.


tax (VAT)
 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period
that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other
factors known at the time. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 sales discounts from continuing operations were $819
544
and $70

 respectively.


our relationships with grocery store networks. The consumer who purchases the product may exchange it for the same kind and quantity
of product originally purchased. In accordance with FASB ASC 605-15-25-1 and 605-15-15-2
 these are not considered returns for
revenue recognition purposes. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 returns of our products were not material.




as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs from continuing operations for the years ended December
31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
813
049 and $952
472
 respectively.




incurred. Research and development expenses from continuing operations were immaterial for the year ended December 31 2012 and
$98
393 for the year ended December 31
 2011.




 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &ldquo;Share-Based Payment&rdquo;
 which
replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&rsquo;s ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Compensation
&ndash; Stock Compensation.&rdquo; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based
compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period
during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include
stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase
plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding
the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&rsquo;s views regarding the
valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements
using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies
may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
 or on a modified version of retrospective application under which financial
statements for prior periods are adjusted on a basis consistent with the pro forma disclosures required for those periods under
SFAS No. 123.


    
    



and related interpretations as provided by SAB 107. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value
of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option
grant.




ASC Topic 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for
income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are
recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
 the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only
if it is &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination
being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized
on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &ldquo;more likely than not&rdquo; test
 no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption
had no effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements.




 expenses
 gains
and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such
items
 along with net income
 are components of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The unit
of RMB is in Yuan. Translation gains are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders&rsquo; equity
section of the consolidated balance sheet.




 &ldquo;Statement of
Cash Flows
&rdquo; cash flows from the Company&rsquo;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result
amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with
changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets.


    
    





 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-04) to
Fair Value Measurement (ASC Topic 820). In 2006
 the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) published a
Memorandum of Understanding
 which has served as the foundation of the Board&rsquo;s efforts to a common set of high quality global
accounting standards. Consistent with the Memorandum of Understanding and the Board&rsquo;s commitment to achieving the goal
the amendments in this Update are the result of the work by the FASB and the IASB to develop common requirements for measuring
fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The adoption of
this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-05) to
Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220). The amendment require that all non-owner changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity be presented
either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In the two-statement
approach
 the first statement should present total net income and its components followed consecutively by a second statement
that should present total other comprehensive income
 the components of other comprehensive income
 and the total of comprehensive
income. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
2011.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-08)
to Intangibles&ndash;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). The amendments in the Update permit an entity to first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in Topic 350. If
after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value
of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However
 if
an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by calculating the
fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 as described in
paragraph 350-20-35-4. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 then the entity is required to perform
the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss
 if any
 as described in paragraph
350-20-35-9. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December
31
 2011.


 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-10) to
Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (ASC Topic 360). Under the amendments in this Update
 when a parent (reporting entity) ceases to
have a controlling financial interest (as described in Subtopic 810-10) in a subsidiary that is in substance real estate as a
result of default on the subsidiary&rsquo;s nonrecourse debt
 the reporting entity should apply the guidance in Subtopic 360-20
to determine whether it should derecognize the in substance real estate. Generally
 a reporting entity would not satisfy the requirements
to derecognize the in substance real estate before the legal transfer of the real estate to the lender and the extinguishment
of the related nonrecourse indebtedness. That is
 even if the reporting entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest
under Subtopic 810-10
 the reporting entity would continue to include the real estate
 debt
 and the results of the subsidiary&rsquo;s
operations in its consolidated financial statements until legal title to the real estate is transferred to legally satisfy the
debt. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


    
    



 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-11) to
Balance Sheet (ASC Topic 210) regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. Pursuant to this Update
 entities
are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset
in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement.
This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 and securities
borrowing and securities lending arrangements. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position
or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to
Intangibles&ndash;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this Update
 an entity has the option
first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely
than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity
is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value
of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying
amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived
intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to
resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment
tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance
had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &ldquo;Comprehensive
Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&rdquo; This ASU does not
change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this
guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income
by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented
or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of
net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in
the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net
income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail
about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December
15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013.
Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial position and results of operations.




 2011
 Detian Yu terminated its control over
the VIE Group (see Note 1). The results of the VIE Group for the period between January 1 and December 20
 2011 have been presented
as a discontinued operation in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the year ended December 31
2011. Selected operating results for the discontinued business are presented in the following tables:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
15
276
475

    
    
(12
256
832


 general
 and administrative expenses
    
(8
251
364


 net
    
5
478


 net
    
37
371

    
    
(5
188
872

    
    
1
297
042

    
    
(3
891
830





 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company
 acquired 100% of the equity interests of the Taizihu Group for cash consideration of $5
502
181 (RMB 34
705
000).
The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the purchase method of accounting. The Taizihu Group&rsquo;s
results of operations were included in Deyu&rsquo;s results beginning February 3
 2012. The purchase price has been allocated
to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their fair value at the acquisition date as summarized in the following:


    
    




    
5
502
181

    
    

    
    

    
28
867

    
240
474

    
1
373
222

    
840
849

    
584
562


 plant
 and equipment
 net
5
891
772

    
1
673
997


 net
2
823
087

    
117
153

    
(6
499
683

    
(319
077

    
(225
819

    
(528
144

    
6
001
260

    
    

    
(499
079



for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 assuming that all significant acquisitions during the two-year period ended December
31
 2012 occurred as of January 1
 2011 and all significant acquisitions during the year ended December 31
 2012 occurred as of
January 1
 2012
 respectively. These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to
be indicative of the results of operations which actually would have resulted had the significant acquisitions occurred as of
January 1
 2011 and 2012
 nor is it indicative of future operating results.



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
255

893
274
689
101

    
16

670
22
353
298

    
    
    

    
    
    








    





    
    
    

    
33

165
36
167
136

    
(4
87
    


 net
33

288
36
167
136








    





    
    
    

    
7
730
831
8
108
503

    
    
131
1
971

    
21

558
12
109
353

    
56
671
94
263

    
30
322
191
20
314
090








    





    
    
    

    
1

871
92
531

    
163
443
    

    
155
883
88
889

    
    
83
899

    
    
46
376

    
129
987
79
842

    
1

184
391
537





 2011 represent the
cost of timber
 timberland and farmland (collectively
 the &ldquo;Timberland&rdquo;) and amounted to $1.6 million (RMB 10.3 million)
which management assessed approximating its fair value. The Company exchanged the Timberland for an office building paying cash
consideration of $1.1 million (RMB 7.2 million) for the variance between the fair values of the office building and the Timberland
on March 19
 2012. No material gain or loss was generated from this exchange transaction.

PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following:



    





    
    
    

    
1

594
896
648

    
16

542
9
593
679

    
67
739
408
203

    
7

413
2
954
783

    
11
907
605
705

    
26
060
195

14
459
018

    
(6

596
(2
103
072


 plant
 and equipment
 net
19
442
599

12
355
946



Quwo in Shanxi Province
 China are used for production
 warehousing
 and offices for our corn and grains business. The Company
exchanged its Timberland for an office building valued at $2.7million (RMB 16.8million) in January 2012
 of which depreciation
commenced in January 2012.


 2012
 $5.6 million (RMB 35 million) of buildings
machinery and equipment owned by the Taizihu Group were pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans.


ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $ 1
890
960and $794
853
 respectively.


    
    





849
375 as of December
31
 2012 mainly represents payment on the construction of a new factory park and the partial cost of the land use right where
the new factory park occupies in Huichun. Construction-in-progress amounted to $765
116 represents payment on the construction
of a new workshop for flour manufacturing in Jinzhong Deyu.







    





    
    
    

    
13
158
508
9
808
497

    
1
059
004
1
032
746

    
(828
437
(189
399

    
13
389
075
10
651
844



 the PRC Government
owns all land. The Company owns the land use rights of farmland and industrial lands. The Company leases and has obtained a certificate
of right of use on 11
667 square meters with the PRC Government in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province where Jinzhong Deyu's buildings and
production facility are located. The term of the right is four to five years and is automatically renewed upon expiration. The
right was fully amortized as of December 31
 2010 using the straight-line method. On June 18 2012
 the Company received the extended
land use right certificate and the term of the right has been extended to March 14
 2037.


on 100
000 square meters of industrial land with the PRC Government in Quwo County
 Shanxi Province where Taizihu Group&rsquo;s
buildings and production facility are located. The term of the right is 50 years from October 28
 2008 to October 27
 2058. The
amortization of the land use right was commenced in October 2008 using the straight-line method over 50 years. Of the 100
000
square meters of land
 approximately 26
000 square meters amounting to $966
886 were used for the construction of the new factory
park and were reclassified from intangible assets to construction-in-progress when the construction commenced in January 2011
and as reported on the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. The land use right used for
the construction of the new factory park has been suspended for amortization since January 2011 when the construction commenced.


 2012
 $3
878
579 (RMB 24 million) of the
land use right owned by Taizihu Group was pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans
 of which $966
886 (RMB 6.0 million)
was reclassified under construction-in-progress.


ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $406
122 and $184
444
 respectively







    





    
    
    

    
    
78
776

    
    
648
759

    
    
727
535



the land use right on March 19
 2012 (see NOTE 8). The title transferring of the land use right has been completed and the Company
obtained the land use right certificate on May 10
 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the land use right which amounted to $184
587
(RMB 1.15 million) represents the land use right located at Shanzhuangtou
 Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province was reclassified to Intangible
assets.







    





    
    
    

    
    
    


 bearing interest at the prime rate
    based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by
    
    

    
    
    

    
 2012 was 6.00%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on August 13
    2013. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.
2
407
666
    

    
    
    


 bearing interest at the prime rate
    based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by
    
    

    
    
    

    
 2012 was 6.0%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on September 17
 2013.
    The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.
1
444
600
    

    
    
    

    
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime
    rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's
    Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The
    loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period
    of two years starting from August 30
 2013.
1
364
344
    

    
    
    

    
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime
    rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's
    Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The
    loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period
    of two years starting from August 30
 2013.
1
364
344
    

    
    
    

    
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime
    rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The
    actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.2%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on July 17
 2013. The loan
    was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr Tian Wenjun for a period of one year starting from July 18
 2013.
1
284
089
    

    
    
    

    
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate
    plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.
    The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.20%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on January 10
 2013. The
    loan was obtained by Detain Yu and guaranteed by Beijing Agriculture Guarantee Ltd. for a period of one year starting from
    November 30
 2011.
264
843
    


 2013.
    
    

    
    
    

    
511.00 (or RMB1
000
000.00) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 bearing interest at a fixed
    rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released
    by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 9%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on September 27
 2013.
    The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr. Tian Wenjun for a period of one year.
    
    


 2012 the loan was repaid for $40
128 (or RMB250
000.00)
 as of December 31
 2012
    the loan balance was $120
383 (or RMB750
000.00).
120
383
    

    
    
    

    
 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which
    prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of
    December 31
 2012 was 6%.
    
    


 2012 with maturity date on December 12
 2013.
    The loan was obtained by Detain Yu.
14
446
    

    
    
    



    
    


 an unrelated party. The loan was unsecured
 bearing no interest and no due date was specified.
    The loan was obtained by Jiruhai.
58
908
58
311

    
    
    


 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate
    plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.
f
    December 31
 2011 was 7.8720%.
    
    


 2011 with maturity date on November 29
 2012.
    The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by China Agriculture Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd. for a period of one year
    starting from November 30
 2011.
    
    


2012.
    
2
121
101

    
    
    

    
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime
    rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's
    Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.
    
    


 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan
    was obtained by Jinzhong Deyu and guaranteed by Jinzhong Juntai Automotive Parts Manufacturing Co.
 Ltd.
 for a period of
    two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 20
 2012.
    
1
588
840

    
    
    

    
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime
    rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's
    Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.
    
    


 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan
    was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of
    two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 21
 2012.
    
1
350
514

    
    
    

    
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime
    rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's
    Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.
    
    


 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan
    was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two
    years starting from August 7
 2012.
    
    


 2012.
    
1
350
514

    
    
    


 bearing interest
at a floating rate of prime rate plus 30% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released
by The People's Bank of China. 
    
    


 2011 was 8.5280%. The
    term of the loan started from May 10
 2011with maturity date on May 9
 2012. The loan was
    obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Zhongyuan Guoxin Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd.

    
    


    10
 2011. The loan was paid off on May 9
 2012.
    
7
944
200

    
    
    

    
8
323
623
14
413
480



    
    



Ltd. was unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date was specified.







    





    
    
    

    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    

men
                                 branch


    
    

    
    
    

    
 2011 through February 17
 2012.The note was
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 2012.
    
1
588
840

    
    
1
588
840








    





    
    
    

    
28
552
412
437

    
288
584
266
983

    
789
640
469
785

    
1
506
776
1
149
205








in the United States of America and is subject to the U.S. federal and state taxation. No provision for income taxes have been

the Company for years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was 34%. No tax benefit has been realized since a 100% valuation allowance
has offset deferred tax asset resulting from the net operatin





 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated
in the BVI and
 under the current laws of the BVI
 is not subject to income taxes.




 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated
in Hong Kong. Most Smart is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and income arising in or derived
from Hong Kong. No provision for income taxes have been made as Most Smart has no taxable income in Hong Kong.




the PRC
 the standard EIT rate is 25%. The PRC subsidiaries of the Company are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis
on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate. According to the Tax Pronouncement [2008] No.
149 issued by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
 the preliminary processing industry of agricultural products is entitled
to EIT exemption starting January 1
 2008. Three of the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiaries located in the Shanxi Province
China
 including Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang
 are subject to the EIT exemption. All other subsidiaries
and consolidated variable interest entities are subject to the 25% EIT rate.


income consists of the following for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
86
768
    

    
86
768
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
878
74
(1
112
658

    
    
1
297
042

    
1
765
514

184
384



to the effective tax rate of the continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



tax assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are presented in the following table:



    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
430
118
2
255
365

    
391
339
351
203

    
88
208
    

    
3
909
665
2
606
568

    
(3
909
665
(1
813
056


 net
    
793
512



 2012
 the Company accrued 100% valuation
allowance on its deferred tax assets based on the change of assessment on the probability of future reversion.




was as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


 2012:
    
    
    


    stockholders - basic
16

670
10
598
603
    

    
446
748
2
015
505
    


    - diluted
16

418
12
614
108
    

    
    
    
    

    
16

670
10
598
603
    

    
446
748
2
015
505
    

    
16

418
12
614
108
    

    
    
    
    


 2011:
    
    
    


    - basic
20
126
017
10
522
432
    

    
427
917
1
974
732
    


    - diluted
20
553
934
12
497
164
    

    
    
    
    

    
17
335
442
10
522
432
    

    
427
917
1
974
732
    

    
17
763
359
12
497
164
    







 2010
 we completed the acquisition of City Zone
by means of a Share Exchange with (i) City Zone
 (ii) City Zone&rsquo;s shareholders and (iii) our principal stockholders (see
NOTE 1). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange
 Expert Venture and the other City Zone shareholders transferred to us all
of the shares of City Zone in exchange for the issuance of 8
736
932 shares of our common stock so that Expert Venture and the
other minority shareholders of City Zone shall own at least a majority of our outstanding shares.


contemplated thereby. The directors of City Zone also approved the Share Exchange and the transactions contemplated thereby.


 we acquired 100% of the
equity interests of City Zone
 the business and operations of which now constitute our primary business and operations through
its wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries. Specifically
 as a result of the Share Exchange:


We issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock to the
                                                                      City Zone Shareholders;

The ownership position of our shareholders who were
                                                                      holders of common stock immediately prior to the Share Exchange
                                                                      changed from 100% to 9.5% (fully diluted) of our outstanding
                                                                      shares; and

City Zone Shareholders were issued our common stock
                                                                      constituting approximately 65.71% of our fully diluted outstanding
                                                                      shares.


 we entered into a securities
purchase agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) with certain accredited investors (the &ldquo;Investors&rdquo;) for
the issuance and sale in a private placement of 1
866
174 Units at $4.40 per Unit
 with each &ldquo;Unit&rdquo; consisting of
one share of Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Investor Shares&rdquo;) and a warrant
to purchase 0.4 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $5.06 per share (the &ldquo;Warrants&rdquo;). We initially
received gross proceeds from the sale of the 1
866
174 Investor Shares and Warrants to purchase up to 746
479 shares of our common
stock of $8
211
166 (the &ldquo;Private Placement&rdquo;).


 we also entered into
a registration rights agreement (the &ldquo;Registration Rights Agreement&rdquo;) with the Investors
 in which we agreed to file
a registration statement (the &ldquo;Registration Statement&rdquo;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
to register for resale the Investor Shares
 within 60 calendar days of April 27
 2010
 and use our best efforts to have the Registration
Statement declared effective within 180 calendar days of April 27
 2010. We agreed to pay monthly liquidated damages in cash to
each Investor equal to 0.5% of the dollar amount of the purchase price of the Investor Shares
 on a pro rata basis
 for each 30
day period the Registration Statement is not declared effective
 up to a maximum of 8% of the purchase price
 however on October
21
 2010
 the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective and no liquidated damages were incurred.


    
    




 Maxim Group
 LLC
acted as our financial advisor and placement agent (the &ldquo;Placement Agent&rdquo;). The Placement Agent received a cash fee
equal to 7% of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement. Maxim also received warrants to purchase 171
911 shares of our common
stock at a price per share of $4.84 (the &ldquo;Placement Agent Warrants&rdquo;). Pursuant to the original placement agreement
entered into by and between Detian Yu and the Placement Agent on January 27
 2010 (the &ldquo;Original Placement Agreement&rdquo;)
we engaged the Placement Agent to act as the exclusive agent to sell the Units in this offering on a &ldquo;commercially reasonable
efforts basis.&rdquo; The Placement Agent also received a cash corporate finance fee equally to 1% of our gross proceeds raised
in the offering
 payable at the time of each closing; five (5) year warrants to purchase that number of shares of Series A convertible
preferred stock equal to 5% of the aggregate number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock underlying the Units issued
pursuant to the offering; and a non-refundable cash retainer of $25
000 payable upon the execution of the retainer agreement.
We also agreed to pay for all of the reasonable expenses the Placement Agent incurred in connection with the offering.


 2010
 we closed on the second and final round of
the private placement offering for the issuance and sale of 589
689 Units
 consisting of 589
689 shares of Series A convertible
preferred stock and 235
883 five-year Series A Warrants with an exercise price of $5.06 per share
 to certain Investors for total
gross proceeds of $2
594
607.


805
750 in the offering
in two closing events. As of the final closing
 we had 9
999
999 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. In connection
with the offering
 we issued a total of 2
455
863 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and 982
362 Series A Warrants
to the investors. Additionally
 the Placement Agent received 171
911 warrants.





 we had 9
999
999

31
 2012

267 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock were converted into 538
267 shares of
common stock and an aggregate of 120
000 shares of common stock were issued. As of December 31
 2012
 the total number of shares
of common stock issued and outstanding was 10
658
266 shares.





A Preferred&rdquo;) are entitled to receive
 cumulative dividends in preference to the holders of our common stock at an annual
rate of 5% of the applicable per Series A Preferred original purchase price (the &ldquo;Dividend Preference&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Dividends&rdquo;).
If
 after the Dividend Preference has been fully paid or declared and set apart
 the Company shall make any additional distributions
then the holders of Series A Preferred shall participate with the holders of common stock on an as-converted basis with respect
to such distributions. Dividends are payable in cash or shares of Series A Preferred
 at the Company&rsquo;s option.


 dissolution or winding up of the Company
the holders of Series A Preferred will be entitled to receive
 out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to
its stockholders
 an amount equal to $4.40 per share (the &ldquo;Liquidation Preference Amount&rdquo;)
 before any payment shall
be made or any assets distributed to the holders of the common stock (the &ldquo;Liquidation Preference&rdquo;).


 at the
option of the holder at any time on or after the issuance of the Series A Preferred
 without the payment of additional consideration
to convert the Series A Preferred into a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock equal to: (i) the Liquidation
Preference Amount of such share divided by (ii) the Conversion Price in effect as of the date of the conversion in accordance
with the Certificate of Designations of the Series A Preferred.


Series A Preferred
 the conversion price of Series A Preferred subject to adjustment for issuances of common stock (or securities
convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock) at a purchase price less than the conversion price of the Series A Preferred.
The Series A Preferred Stock does not contain any repurchase or redemption rights.


    
    



and conditions of convertible preferred stock to determine (i) if the nature of the hybrid financial instrument
 based upon its
economic risks
 is more akin to an equity contract or a debt contract for purposes of establishing classification of the embedded
conversion feature and (ii) the classification of the host or hybrid financial instrument. Based upon a review of the terms and
conditions of the Series A Preferred
 the Company has concluded that the financial instrument is more akin to an equity financial
instrument. The major consideration underlying this conclusion is that the Series A Preferred is a perpetual financial instrument
with no stated maturity or redemption date
 or other redemption that is not within the Company&rsquo;s control. Other considerations
in support of the equity conclusion included the voting rights and conversion feature into common shares. While the cumulative
dividend feature may
 in some instances
 be likened to a debt-type coupon
 the absence of a stated maturity date was determined
to establish the cumulative dividend as a residual return
 which does not obviate the equity nature of the financial instrument.
Further
 there are no cash redemption features that are not within the control of our management. As a result
 classification
in stockholders&rsquo; equity is appropriate for the Series A Preferred.


 2012
 an aggregate of 538
267 shares of
Series A Preferred were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock. On July 29
 2011 and July 26
 2012
 66
379 and 55
995 shares
of Series A Preferred were issued as dividends to the shareholders of Series A Preferred
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012
the total number of shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding was 2
039
970 shares.


 2012 and 2011
 the Company
recorded $446
748 and $427
917 preferred dividend expenses
 respectively.




have strike prices of $5.06 and $4.84
 respectively
 and expire in five (5) years. The strike prices are subject to adjustment
only for changes in our capital structure
 but allow for cashless exercise under a formula that limits the aggregate issuable
common shares. There are no redemption features embodied in the warrants and they have met the conditions provided in current
accounting standards for equity classification.


362 Series A Warrants sold together with the
Series A Preferred to the Investors
 each of which:



    
    
    

    
    
are exercisable at any time after consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Securities
    Purchase Agreement and shall expire on the date that is five years following the original issuance date of the Series A Warrants;

    
    
are exercisable
 in whole or in part
 at an exercise price of $5.06 per share of common
    stock; and

    
    
are exercisable only for cash (except that there will be a cashless exercise option if
    after twelve months from the Issue Date
 (i) the Per Share Market Value of one share of common stock is greater than the Warrant
    Price (at the date of calculation) and (ii) a registration statement under the Securities Act providing for the resale of
    the common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrant Shares is not in effect
 in lieu of exercising the Series A Warrant by
    payment of cash).



to $10
805
750. Direct financing costs totaled $1
742
993 of which $1
555
627 was paid in cash and the balance of $187
366 represents
the fair value of warrants linked to 171
911 shares of our common stock that were issued to the Placement Agent. The proceeds
and the related direct financing costs were allocated to the Series A Preferred and the warrants (classified in paid-in capital)
based upon their relative fair values. The following table summarizes the components of the allocation:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
10
248
092
1
039
978
11
288
070

    
    
    
    

    
9
810
227
995
523
10
805
750

    
(1
581
550
(161
443
(1
742
993

    
    
187
366
187
366

    
8
228
677
1
021
446
9
250
123



    
    





A Warrants
 and the issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants to the Placement Agent required the estimation of fair values of
the financial instruments on the financing inception date. The development of fair values of financial instruments requires the
selection of appropriate methodologies and the estimation of often subjective assumptions. We selected the valuation techniques
based upon consideration of the types of assumptions that market participants would likely consider in exchanging the financial
instruments in market transactions. The Series A Preferred was valued based upon a common stock equivalent method
 enhanced by
the cumulative dividend feature. The dividend feature was valued as the estimated cash flows of the dividends discounted to present
value using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes-Merton Valuation Technique
because it embodies all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility
 estimated terms and risk free rates) necessary
to fair value these instruments.


calculation for allocations of certain elements of the financing arrangement
 principally proceeds and the related direct financing
costs. The following tables reflect assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Series A Preferred:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    





    
    
    
    

    
    
1
866
174
589
689

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
6
631
403
2
083
094

    
    
659
821
209
439

    
    
7
291
224
2
292
533

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



as follows:




    
    
Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets
        for identical assets and liabilities
 or derived there from. There were no level 1 inputs.
        

    
    
Level 2 inputs are significant other observable inputs.
        There were no level 2 inputs.
        

    
    
Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs. Inputs for which any parts
    are level 3 inputs are classified as level 3 in their entirety.






    
    
Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market price was indicative
    of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the common stock price value was derived implicitly from an
    iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&rsquo;s
    length transaction. The Private Placement was composed of shares of Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants which were both
    indexed to our common stock; accordingly
 we used an iterative process to determine the value of our common stock in order
    for the fair value of the Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants to equal the amount of consideration received in the Private
    Placement.

    
    
    

    
    
WACC- The rates utilized to discount the cumulative dividend cash flows to their present
    values were based on a weighted average cost of capital of 18.94% and 18.60%
 as of April 27
 2010 and May 10
 2010
 respectively.
    This discount rate was determined after consideration of the rate of return on debt capital and equity that typical investors
    would require in an investment in companies similar in size and operating in similar markets as Deyu Agriculture Corporation.
    The cost of equity was determined using a build-up method which begins with a risk free rate and adds expected risk premiums
    designed to reflect the additional risk of the investment. Additional premiums or discounts related specifically to us and
    the industry are also added or subtracted to arrive at the final cost of equity rate. The cost of debt was determined based
    upon available financing terms.

    
    
Significant inputs and assumptions underlying the model calculations related to the warrant
    valuations are as follows:




the fair value of the Warrants:



    
    

 2010

 2010

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
746
479
130
632
235
883
41
279

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
5
                                            years
5
                                            years
5
                                            years
5
                                            years

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



as follows:



    
    
    
        

    
    
    



    
    





    
    
Risk-free rate- This rate is based on publicly-available yields
    on zero-coupon Treasury securities with remaining terms to maturity consistent with the remaining contractual term of the
    warrants

    
    
Expected volatility- We did not have a historical trading
        history sufficient to develop an internal volatility rate for use in the model. As a result
 we have used a peer approach
        wherein the historical trading volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient
        trading history were used as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model
 no one company was weighted more
        heavily.
        






    
    
    




    
    
Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market price was indicative
    of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the stock price was determined implicitly from an iterative
    process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&rsquo;s length
    transaction.

    
    
Remaining term- We do not have a history to develop the expected term for our warrants.
    Accordingly
 we have used the contractual remaining term in our calculations.




outstanding as of December 31
 2012:



    

    
    
    

    
982
362
    

    
171
911
    

    
1
154
273
    




    
    


 2012
1
154
273

    
    

    
    

    
    


 2012
1
154
273



SHARE-BASED
                                                                                         COMPENSATION



 2012
 the Company had one share-based compensation
plan as described below. The compensation cost that had been charged against income for the plan was $120
853 and $428
702 for
the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The related income tax benefit recognized was $40
136 and $145
759 for
the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. A 100% valuation allowance was assessed against the deferred tax assets
derived from such tax benefit as of December 31
 2012 and 2011.


 2010
 our Board of Directors approved the Company&rsquo;s
2010 Share Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;). Under the Plan
 1
000
000 shares of our common stock shall be allocated to
and authorized for use pursuant to the terms of the Plan. On November 8
 2010
 a total of 931
000 non-qualified incentive stock
options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan
 including 851
000 options granted to the Company&rsquo;s
executives and key employees (collectively
 &ldquo;Employees&rdquo;) and 80
000 options granted to consultants and independent
directors of the Board (collectively
 &ldquo;Non-employees&rdquo;)
 at an exercise price of $4.40 per share. On December 15
 2010
40
000 non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant
at an exercise price of $4.40 per share. The option award granted in 2010 shall vest as follows:


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




 2012
 our Board of Directors allocated to and authorized
for use the maximum number of shares allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan and granted 420
000 options under the Plan to
 independent directors
 officers and key employees of the Company
 of which included some new options and those re-granted after
such options were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the
terms of their option agreements. All of granted options of this batch vest as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    




 2012
 our Board of Directors allocated to and
authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director of the Company after such options were forfeited by other former employees
as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All of the granted
options of this batch vest as follows:



    
    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. The model is based
on the assumption that it is possible to set up a perfectly hedged position consisting of owning the shares of stock and selling
a call option on the stock. Any movement in the price of the underlying stock will be offset by an opposite movement in the options
value
 resulting in no risk to the investor. This perfect hedge is riskless and
 therefore
 should yield the riskless rate of
return. As the Black-Scholes option pricing model applies to stocks that do not pay dividends
 we made an adjustment developed
by Robert Merton to approximate the option value of a dividend-paying stock. Under this adjustment method
 it is assumed that
the Company&rsquo;s stock will generate a constant dividend yield during the remaining life of the options.


the fair value of the option award:

Options granted on November 8
 2010:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Options granted on December 15
 2010:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


Options granted on March 8
 2012:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


Options granted on November 23
 2012:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
Risk-free rate- This rate is based on continuous compounding of publicly-available yields
    on U.S. Treasury securities with remaining terms to maturity consistent with the expected term of the options at the dates
    of grant.

    
    
Expected volatility- We did not have a historical trading history sufficient to develop
    an internal volatility rate for use in the model. As a result
 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical trading
    volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were used
    as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model
 no one company was weighted more heavily.




    
    
    




    
    
Expected lives- The expected lives of options granted were derived from the output of the
    option valuation model and represented the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.

    
    
Expected forfeitures per year- The expected forfeitures are estimated at the dates of grant
    and will be revised in subsequent periods pursuant to actual forfeitures
 if significantly different from the previous estimates.



values of stock options and changes in the assumptions used in the model could result in materially different fair value estimates.
The actual value of the stock options will depend on the market value of the Company&rsquo;s common stock when the stock options
are exercised.


31
 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 2012
815
000
    
    
    

    
570
000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(261
000
    
    
    


 2012
1
124
000
    
4.26
                                                                   years
1
233
801


 2012
814
000
    
4.10
                                                                   years
1
101
827

    
1
124
000
    
4.26
                                                                   years
    



rate is applied.


    
    



as of December 31
 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2012
271
667
487
813

    
570
000
256
824

    
(444
667
(450
864

    
(87
000
(161
799


 2012
310
000
131
974



RELATED
                                                                                         PARTY TRANSACTIONS






    
    

    



    
    
    


 Ltd.
24
650
3
250
946


 Ltd.
8
427
21
471


 Ltd.
    
1
114
581


Ltd
    
3
537



 Chief Executive Officer of the Company is
the former Executive Director of Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd. Jianbin Zhou
 the Chief Operating Officer of
the Company is the legal representative of Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. The prices in the transactions with related
parties were determined according to the market price sold to or purchased from third parties.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
315
369
    


 Ltd.
43
182
24
666

    
34
330
    


 Ltd.
4
333
3
537


 Ltd.
    
468
976


 Ltd.
    
89
929

    
397
214
587
108


Mr. Feng Liu is the legal representative

Wenjun Tian
 the former President and Director of the Company is the Executive Director of Jinshang International Finance Leasing
Co.
Jianming Hao
 a Director


Gifts Tech Development Co.
 Ltd.. Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.; the legal representative of which is Jianbin
Zhou

 Ltd. was no longer considered a related
party after the VIE termination on December 20
 2011 (see Note 1) simultaneously accompanied with the key executives of the Company
resigning from all management posts in the VIE Group and selling their shares in the VIE Group to an unrelated individual.





    





    
    
    

    
    
    


 Ltd.
6
007
929
2
899
633

    
2
660
623
2
542
144


 Ltd.
265
291
    


 Ltd.
    
3
338

    
8
933
843
5
445
115



 the former President and Director of the Company
is the President and Executive Director of Dongsheng International Investment Co.
 Ltd. Those loans as of December 31
 2012 and
2011 are unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date is specified.




 2012
 Mr. Wenjun Tian provided guarantees
on short-term loans obtained by Detian Yu. Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 of which the legal representative is Junlian Zheng
the wife of Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Company
 provided guarantees on short-term loans obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng
and Jinzhong Yuliang.


SEGMENT
                                                                                         REPORTING



280. In the fourth quarter of 2011
 our management changed the structure of allocating resources and assessing the performance
of the group. The new three segments were identified primarily based on the structure of allocating resources and assessing performance
of the group
 including corn division
 grain division and bulk trading division. The segment reporting information for year ended
December 31
 2012 was based on these three segments and that for the year ended December 31
 2011 was restated accordingly.


    
    



farmers
 simple processing and distributing to agricultural product trading companies through wholesale. The business of the grain
division is conducted by processing and distributing grains and other products to supermarkets and convenient stories after processing
with our own brand names
 including &ldquo;Deyu&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Shi-Tie&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Huichun&rdquo; and &ldquo;Longquan Villa&rdquo;.
The business of the bulk trading division is conducted by bulk purchasing and the sale of raw grain.



    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
    
    
    
    
    

    
151
047
762
73

014
29
187
322
    
254

098

    
61
720
    
    
    
61
720

    
17
224
11
799
8
803
    
37


    
(610
087
(607
362
(259
855
    
(1
477
304

    
(592
863
(595
563
(251
052
    
(1
439


    
(577
814
(1

300
    
27
604
(2

082

    
    
    
    
46
599
46
599

    
10

332
9

166
6
505
(3

184
16

819




    
    
    
    
    
    


 2011
    
    
    
    
    

    
177
723
149
40
507
527
43
345
990
    
261
576
666

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
33
733
3
867
4
469
    
42
159

    
(608
337
(119
835
(77
429
    
(805
601

    
(574
604
(115
968
(72
960
    
(763
442

    
479
538
475
854
    
23
813
979
297

    
    
    
    
38
673
38
673

    
19
388
742
2
500
612
2
964
146
(4
338
239
20
515
261



except for sales of certain bean-based products to local exporting agencies in China who export them to Germany
 Japan
 and other
countries. Sales to exporting agencies were denominated in RMB
 the Company&rsquo;s functional currency and were accounted for
as domestic sales. All long-lived assets are located in China. The following tables set forth our three major customers in each
segment:



    
    

    



    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    

Shanxi Doukounianhua Food Co.
 Ltd.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    


 Ltd.
    
    

    
    
    



CONCENTRATION
                                                                                         OF CREDIT RISK



 2012 and 2011
 all of the Company&rsquo;s
cash balances in bank were maintained within the PRC where no rule or regulation currently in place to provide obligatory insurance
for bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
it is not exposed to such risks on its cash balances in banks.


 2012 and 2011
 all of the Company&rsquo;s
sales were generated in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were due from customers
located in the PRC.


consolidated gross revenue for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 or consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
2011. Beijing Suning Appliance Co.
 Ltd. accounted for 22.6% of the Company&rsquo;s consolidated accounts receivable as of December
31
 2012 while no other single customer accounted for greater than 10% as of December 31
 2011.


COMMITMENTS
                                                                                         AND CONTINGENCIES





 warehouses
 and offices
under operating leases. Future minimum lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more
are as follows:





    

    
322
976

    
298
663

    
184
909

    
168
858

    
168
858

    
1
476
245

    
2
620
509






 2012
the Company&rsquo;s former Chief Financial Officer alleged that the Company may have violated certain state and federal laws and
regulations and upon receipt of such allegations
 the Company's Audit Committee retained counsel to conduct an inquiry into such
allegations. On March 27
 2012
 the Company received a letter asserting a claim of wrongful termination in violation of public
policy wherein the former Chief Financial Officer claims that he was terminated in retaliation for reporting and/or refusing to
participate in such alleged violations. He also claims breach of employment contract and seeks payment of $250
000 plus the issuance
of 60
000 shares of common stock in settlement for the claimed damages therein. On July 23
 2012
 the Company was provided a copy
of a complaint filed in the Superior Court of California
 County of Orange
 repeating the same allegations contained in the March
27
 2012 letter and also asserting claims for intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress and failure to pay wages
due at the time of termination. The Company subsequently filed demurrers to the Complaint that resulted in the plaintiff filing
a First Amended Complaint on September 28
 2012 and a Second Amended Complaint on January 7
 2013
 alleging essentially the same
claims. The Company's answer to the Second Amended Complaint is due to be filed on March 25
 2013 following the most recent demurrer
hearing that was held on March 14
 2013. The Court also held a Case Management Conference on March 14 and set a jury trial in
this matter for December 9
 2013 and a Mandatory Settlement Conference for October 18
 2013. 


that such allegations and claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend such allegations and claims. The Company will
conduct formal discovery
 including the taking of plaintiff's deposition
 and the Company intends to file a motion for summary
judgment to be heard prior to the October Mandatory Settlement Conference date. Because the inquiry is in its initial stages
the Company is not currently able to predict the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome
 or the amount of any possible
loss in the event of an unfavorable outcome. Consequently
 no material provision or liability has been recorded for such allegations
and claims as of December 31
 2012.


    
    



SUBSEQUENT
                                                                                         EVENTS



 2013
 Taizihu obtained a bank loan of $722
300
(RMB4
500
000) from Agriculture Development Bank of China Quwo subbranch
 bearing interest at the prime rate based on six-month
to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The term of the loan started from January 4
 2013 with
maturity date on January 3
 2014. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its machinery and equipments.


2013
 the date which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring recognition
as of December 31
 2012 have been incorporated into these consolidated financial statements and there are no subsequent events
that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855
 &ldquo;Subsequent Events&rdquo;.


    














     





Subsidiaries as of March 27
 2013


 a British Virgin Islands company.

 a Hong Kong company.

 a wholly-foreign owned enterprise
(&ldquo;WOFE&rdquo;)
 incorporated in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.

 incorporated in the
People&rsquo;s Republic of China.

 incorporated in the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China.

 incorporated
in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.

 incorporated
in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.

 incorporated
in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.

 incorporated in the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China.

 incorporated in the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China.

 incorporated in the People&rsquo;s
Republic of China.

 incorporated in the
People&rsquo;s Republic of China.

in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China.


    
    






    














     






PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

I


 certify that:


the year ended December 31
 2012 of Deyu Agriculture Corp.;


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on my most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.




Date: March 27
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    














     






PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

I


 certify that:


the year ended December 31
 2012 of Deyu Agriculture Corp.;


 this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;


 the financial
statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:


and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


 based on my most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting.




Date: March 27
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Financial Officer
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer



    














     






18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 




&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
to his knowledge:


requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




Date: March 27
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



required by Section 906
 or other document authentications
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to the Company will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


    

















     






18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 




&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
&rdquo;)
 the undersigned
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
to her knowledge:


requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and


Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the Company.




Date: March 27
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Chief Financial Officer
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer





required by Section 906
 or other document authentications
 acknowledging
 or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906
 has been provided to the Company will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.


    

















 March 26


 March 26













2009-11-30









2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2009-12-31












2010-04-27












2010-04-27












2010-04-27













2010-04-27













2010-04-27












2010-04-27













2010-04-27












2010-04-27









2010-04-30












2010-04-30













2010-04-30









2010-04-01


2010-04-30












2010-04-01


2010-04-30












2010-04-01


2010-04-30













2010-04-01


2010-04-30













2010-04-01


2010-04-30












2010-04-01


2010-04-30













2010-04-01


2010-04-30












2010-04-01


2010-04-30












2010-04-01


2010-04-30













2010-04-01


2010-04-30













2010-04-01


2010-04-30













2010-04-01


2010-04-30












2010-04-01


2010-04-30













2010-04-01


2010-04-30









2010-05-10












2010-05-10












2010-05-10













2010-05-10













2010-05-10












2010-05-10













2010-05-10












2010-05-10












2010-05-01


2010-05-31












2010-05-01


2010-05-31













2010-05-01


2010-05-31













2010-05-01


2010-05-31












2010-05-01


2010-05-31













2010-05-01


2010-05-31













2010-05-01


2010-05-31













2010-05-01


2010-05-31












2010-05-01


2010-05-31









2010-11-04












2010-11-16












2010-11-16












2010-11-01


2010-11-30













2010-11-01


2010-11-30













2010-11-01


2010-11-30









2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31












2010-01-01


2010-12-31









2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-31












2010-12-01


2010-12-31












2011-07-01


2011-07-31









2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31













2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31












2011-01-01


2011-12-31









2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31













2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2011-12-31












2010-05-01


2011-12-31









2012-02-02












2012-02-02












2012-02-02












2012-02-02













2012-02-02













2012-02-02













2012-02-02













2012-02-02












2012-02-02












2012-01-01


2012-03-31









2012-06-30












2012-07-01


2012-07-31












2012-01-01


2012-09-30












2012-10-10












2012-10-10









2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31













2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31












2012-01-01


2012-12-31









2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31













2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31












2012-12-31




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Deyu Agriculture Corp. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)
 formerly known as Eco Building International
 Inc.
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 23
 2008. We completed the acquisition of City Zone Holdings Limited (&amp;#8220;City Zone&amp;#8221;)
 an agricultural products distributor in the Shanxi Province of the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China (the &amp;#8220;PRC&amp;#8221;) engaged in procuring
 processing
 marketing
 and distributing various grain and corn products
 by means of a share exchange effective April 27
 2010. As a result of the share exchange
 City Zone became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We currently conduct our business primarily through operating PRC subsidiaries
 including Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Jinzhong Deyu&amp;#8221;)
 Jinzhong Yuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Jinzhong Yuliang&amp;#8221;)
 Jinzhong Yongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Jinzhong Yongcheng&amp;#8221;)
 Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Taizihu&amp;#8221;)
 Shanxi Huichun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Huichun&amp;#8221; and together with Taizihu
 the &amp;#8220;Taizihu Group&amp;#8221;
 see Note 20) and Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Detian Yu&amp;#8221;) and Detian Yu&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On May 11
 2010
 our Board of Directors adopted a resolution to change our name to Deyu Agriculture Corp. and FINRA declared the name change effective on June 2
 2010.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reverse Acquisition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On April 27
 2010
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (&amp;#8220;Share Exchange&amp;#8221;) pursuant to which we issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 to Expert Venture Limited (&amp;#8220;Expert Venture&amp;#8221;)
 a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
 and the other shareholders of City Zone (the &amp;#8220;City Zone Shareholders&amp;#8221;). As a result of the Share Exchange
 City Zone became our wholly-owned subsidiary and City Zone Shareholders acquired a majority of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Concurrent with the Share Exchange
 Mr. Jianming Hao (&amp;#8220;Mr. Hao&amp;#8221;)
 the managing director of City Zone and all of its operating subsidiaries
 was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As a result
 the Share Exchange has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition using the purchase method of accounting
 whereby City Zone is deemed to be the accounting acquirer (the legal acquiree) and we are to be the accounting acquiree (legal acquirer). The financial statements before the date of the Share Exchange are those of City Zone with our results being consolidated from the date of the Share Exchange. The equity section and earnings per share have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse acquisition and no goodwill has been recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;City Zone was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (&amp;#8220;BVI&amp;#8221;) on July 27
 2009 under the BVI Business Companies Act of 2004. In November 2009
 pursuant to the restructuring plan set out below
 City Zone became the holding company of a group of companies comprising Most Smart International Limited (Most Smart)
 Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co. Limited (&amp;#8220;Shenzhen Redsun&amp;#8221;)
 Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd.(Shenzhen JiRuHai)
 Detian Yu
 Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restructuring&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In November 2009
 pursuant to a restructuring plan (&amp;#8220;Restructuring&amp;#8221;) intended to ensure compliance with PRC rules and regulations
 City Zone
 through a series of acquisitions and wholly-owned subsidiaries
 acquired 100% of the equity interests in Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzheng Yuliang
 and Jinzhong Yongcheng. The former shareholders and key management of Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng
 and Jinzhong Yuliang became the ultimate controlling parties and key management of City Zone. This restructuring exercise has been accounted for as a recapitalization of Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang with no adjustment to the historical basis of the assets and liabilities of these companies
 while the historical financial positions and results of operations are consolidated as if the restructuring occurred as of the beginning of the earliest period presented in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. For the purpose of a consistent and comparable presentation
 the consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if City Zone had been in existence since the beginning of the earliest and throughout the whole periods covered by these consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Variable Interest Entities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On November 16
 2010
 Detian Yu entered into a series of contractual arrangements (the &amp;#8220;Contractual Arrangements&amp;#8221;) with each of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Junda&amp;#8221;)
 Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consultancy Services Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Longyue&amp;#8221;) and their shareholders
 pursuant to which Detian Yu effectively took over management of the business activities of Junda and Longyue.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Junda is a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on June 13
 2010 with registered capital of $14
637 (RMB 100
000) by Jianming Hao
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 and Wenjun Tian
 President and Director of the Company. As of December 31
 2010
 Junda&amp;#8217;s equity interest was 100% held by several executives and managers of the Company
 including (a) Jianming Hao
 owning 33% of Junda
 (b) Wenjun Tian
 owning 34% of Junda
 (c) Jianbin Zhou
 the Chief Operating Officer of the Company
 owning 10% of Junda
 (d) Li Ren
 Vice President of Branding and Marketing of the Company
 owning 5% of Junda
 (e) Yongqing Ren
 Vice President of the Corn Division of the Company
 owning 3% of Junda and (f) Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Grains Division of the Company
 owning 3% of Junda. As a result
 the execution of the Contractual Arrangements with Junda is considered a related party transaction.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Contractual Arrangements were comprised of a series of agreements with a term of ten (10) years
 including:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreements
 through which Detian Yu provided to each of Junda and Longyue management consulting services in relation to the business of Junda and Longyue in exchange for 35% of the net income after taxes of Junda and Longyue every fiscal year.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Business Cooperation Agreements
 through which Detian Yu provided business cooperation opportunities and services including clients
 cooperation partners and market information in the fields of grain processing
 sales and financing to each of Junda and Longyue in exchange for cooperation fees and commissions from each of Junda and Longyue equal to 65% of the net income after tax of each of Junda and Longyue in every fiscal year.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Business Operations Agreements
 through which Detian Yu had exclusive authority of all decision-making of ongoing operations
 including establishing compensation levels and hiring and firing of key personnel. In order to ensure the normal operations of Junda and Longyue
 Detian Yu acted as the guarantor and provided guarantees on the performance of the obligations of Junda and Longyue under all contracts executed by Junda and Longyue.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Share Pledge Agreements
 through which the shareholders of Junda and Longyue agreed to pledge all of their respective equity interests in Junda or Longyue (as the case may be) as security for the performance of all of the obligations or debts under the Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreements and Business Cooperation Agreements assumed by Junda and Longyue
 and under a counter-guarantee to all the payments made by Detian Yu for the performance of the guarantees assumed by Detian Yu under the Business Operation Agreements.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Power of Attorney
 signed by each of the shareholders of Junda and Longyue
 which authorized a designee appointed by Detian Yu to exercise all of their respective voting rights as a shareholder.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Equity Acquisition Option Agreements
 through which the shareholders of Junda and Longyue granted Detian Yu an irrevocable and unconditional right to purchase
 or cause a designated party of Detian Yu to purchase
 part or all of the equity interests in Junda and Longyue from such shareholders
 when and to the extent that
 applicable PRC laws permit. The consideration for the equity acquisition option for Junda was RMB 80
000
000 and the consideration for the equity option for Longyue was RMB 120
000
000.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On February 21
 2011
 Deyufarm received a capital injection of $3
800
505 (RMB 24
971
218) from SBCVC Fund III Company Limited (SBCVC)
 a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong
 in exchange for 35.69% of Deyufarm's equity interest pursuant to the two Investment and Relevant Issues Agreements entered into by each of Junda and Longyue with Deyufarm and SBCVC on September 15
 2010. According to the Investment and Relevant Issues Agreements
 SBCVC shall have invested an equivalent of RMB 25
000
000 of US dollars to Deyufarm. Before or in the meantime that SBCVC completes such investment to Deyufarm
 Longyue shall have invested RMB 35
000
000 to Deyufarm through a capital increase and obtained the relevant capital verification report. Any time within 2 years after completing an investment to Deyufarm
 SBCVC had the right to require Deyufarm to repurchase in advance
 or Junda or Longyue to purchase part of or all the equity interests of Deyufarm owned by SBCVC. The board of directors of Deyufarm shall have been comprised of 3 directors
 and Junda
 Longyue and SBCVC shall have each nominated one director. The board of directors shall have nominated a financial administrator agreed to by SBCVC. Forty-eight (48) months after SBCVC completed its investment in Deyufarm
 the parties shall have consummated a qualified IPO of Deyufarm.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On February 25
 2011
 Deyufarm received an additional capital injection of $4
495 (RMB 28
782) from SBCVC for 0.02% of Deyufarm's equity interest.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;After the above two capital injections
 SBCVC
 Junda and Longyue owned 35.71%
 14.29% and 50% of the equity interests in Deyufarm
 respectively. The total registered capital of Deyufarm increased from $6
688
635 (RMB 45
000
000) to $10
493
516 (RMB 70
000
000).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On December 20
 2011
 Detian Yu entered into a series of termination agreements (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Termination Agreements&amp;#8221;) with each of Junda
 Longyue and their shareholders
 pursuant to which Detian Yu gave up the control management of the business activities of Junda and Longyue. According to the Termination Agreements
 each side agreed to terminate the Contractual Arrangements entered into on November 16
 2010.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;The Acquisition of the Taizihu Group&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On February 2
 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a company organized under the laws of PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 entered into a Stock Equity Transfer Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Agreement&amp;#8221;) whereby Shenzhen Redsun acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of the Taizihu Group. In consideration for the acquisition of Taizihu Group
 Shenzhen Redsun paid $2
342
168 (RMB 14
773
222) in cash to Mr. Hao He
 an individual
 for 50% of Taizihu
 $1
522
409 (RMB 9
602
594) in cash to Mr. Qinghe Xu
 an individual
 for 32.5% of Taizihu and $819
759 (RMB5
170
628) in cash to Mr. Jinqing Xie
 an individual
 for the remaining 17.5% of Taizihu. Immediately prior to the execution of the Agreement
 Taizihu owned 85% of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of Huichun
 and pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 Shenzhen Redsun acquired the remaining 15% of the share capital of Huichun from Beijing Kanggang Food Development Co.
 Ltd. for $817
845 (RMB 5
158
556). The total amount of the consideration paid for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group was $5
502
181 (RMB 34
705
000)
 and such consideration was determined pursuant to arm&amp;#8217;s length negotiations between the parties. As a result of the acquisition
 the Company currently owns and controls 100% of the Taizihu Group.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Consolidation Scope:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Details of our subsidiaries subject to consolidation are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Domicile&amp;#160;and&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Percentage&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Date&amp;#160;of&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;of&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Name&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Subsidiary&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Ownership&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Principal&amp;#160;Activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 20%; color: black;&gt;City Zone Holdings Limited (City Zone)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 20%; color: black;&gt;British Virgin Islands
 July 27
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%; color: black;&gt;20
283
581&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 17%; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 20%; color: black;&gt;Holding company of Most Smart&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Most Smart International Limited (Most Smart)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;Hong Kong
 March 11
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Holding company of Shenzhen Redsun&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (Shenzhen Redsun)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 August 20
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Holding company of Shenzhen JiRuHai
 Taizihu and Huichun&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd.(Shenzhen JiRuHai)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 August 20
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;14
638&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Holding company of Beijing Detian Yu&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (Detian Yu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 November 30
 2006&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;7
637
723&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed packaged food products and staple food. Holding company of the following first five entities.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (Jinzhong Deyu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 April 22
 2004&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
492
622&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Organic grains preliminary processing and wholesale distribution.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Yongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (Jinzhong Yongcheng)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 May 30
 2006&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
025
787&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Corns preliminary processing and wholesale&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Yuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (Jinzhong Yuliang)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 March 17
 2008&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
019
516&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Corns preliminary processing and wholesale distribution.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Tianjin Guandu Food Co.
 Ltd. (Tianjin Guandu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 21
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
544
497&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed packaged food products and staple food.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Hebei Yugu Grain Co.
 Ltd. (Hebei Yugu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 July 25
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
563
824&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Wholesale distribution of&amp;#160;grain products and operating or acting as an agent of import &amp;amp; export business for grain products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Taizihu&amp;#8221;) (1)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 July 27
 2003&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
208
233&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;producing and selling fruit beverages and soybean products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Shanxi HuiChun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Huichun&amp;#8221;)(1)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 September 2
 2007&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;2
636
192&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;producing and selling fruit beverages and soybean products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jilin Jinglong Agriculture Development Limited (&amp;#8220;Jinglong&amp;#8221;)(2)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 October 10
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;3
152
138&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;99&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (Junda)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 13
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;14
637&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;Shareholding of Deyufarm (14.29%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consultancy Services Co.
 Ltd. (Longyue)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 2
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;4
393&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;Shareholding of Deyufarm (50%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (Deyufarm)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 13
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;10
493
516&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Wholesale distribution of packaged food products and instant millet beverage. Holding company of the following two companies.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sichuan HaoLiangXin Instant Food Co.
 Ltd. (HaoLiangXin)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 April 25
 2008&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
202
460&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Manufacturing and wholesale distribution of instant grain vermicelli and buckwheat tea products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Beijing Xinggu Deyufarm Food Co.
 Ltd. (Xinggu Deyufarm)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 November 25
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
515
152&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Manufacturing of instant grain vermicelli products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(1) Taizihu and Huichun became the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company on February 2
 2012 through a business acquisition. They are within consolidation scope since then.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(2) On October 10
 2012
 a subsidiary namely Jilin Jinglong Agriculture Development Limited (&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#8220;&lt;/font&gt;Jinglong&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;) with registered capital of RMB 20 million Yuan
 was incorporated in Jilin Province
 one of the three provinces of Northeast China. Detian Yu
 one of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries and Feng Liu
 an unrelated third party hold 99% and 1% of its interests
 respectively. Jinglong is primarily engaged in procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(3) Detian Yu terminated its control over the Junda
 Longyue
 Deyufarm
 Haoliangxin
 Xinggu Deyufarm
 (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;VIE Group&amp;#8221;) on December 20
 2011. The operation results of the VIE Group are included in the consolidated financial statements from January 1 to December 20


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 its subsidiaries
 and those variable interest entities where the Company is the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The Company&amp;#8217;s function currency is the Chinese Yuan
 or Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;); however
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (&amp;#8220;USD&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On April 27
 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange
 we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31 to conform to the fiscal year end of City Zone.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes its estimates based on historical experience and various other assumptions and information that are available and believed to be reasonable at the time the estimates are made. Therefore
 actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand
 cash in banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As a result of the financings associated with the reverse merger
 we had
 as of December 31
 2010
 $125
560 in a trust account. The use of these funds required the written approval of our placement agent and us. The funds in the escrow account were designated for certain expenses
 such as investor relations
 accounting/consulting fees
 SEC fees
 and stock transfer agent fees. This amount was classified as restricted cash under current assets on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2010
 while the restriction has been released in 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of restricted cash included: (a) $266
122 of cash was restricted as the pledge for $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) and $264
843 (RMB 1
650
000) of bank loans obtained from China Merchants Bank
 Dongzhimen Branch on November 30
 2011 and January 11
 2012
 respectively
 of which the loan of $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) was paid off on November 29
 2012; (b) $481
533 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $1
284
089 (RMB8
 000
000) obtained from Dah Sing Bank (China) Co. Ltd. on July 18
 2012; (c) $16
051 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $14
446(RMB90
 000) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Subbranch; and (d) $51
642 of cash was restricted as pledges for bank loans of $802
555 (RMB 5
000
000) obtained from Agriculture Development Bank of China on November 3
 2011
 which were paid off on December 7
 2012.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts
 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of accounts receivable greater than three months was not material. As of December 31
 2011
 there were no customers with accounts receivable greater than three months past due.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company's inventories are stated at lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a moving-average basis. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in delivering products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&amp;#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management periodically evaluates the composition of its inventories at least quarterly to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 slow moving or obsolete inventory identified by management was not material.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets held for sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;A long-lived asset to be sold shall be classified as held for sale in the period in which all of the following criteria are met: (a) management
 having the authority to approve the action
 commits to a plan to sell the asset; (b) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (d) the sale of the asset is probable
 and transfer of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale
 within one year
 except as permitted by paragraph ASC 360-10-45-11. The term probable refers to a future sale that is likely to occur; (e) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. The price at which a long-lived asset is being marketed is indicative of whether the entity currently has the intent and ability to sell the asset. A market price that is reasonable in relation to fair value indicates that the asset is available for immediate sale
 whereas a market price in excess of fair value indicates that the asset is not available for immediate sale; and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;A loss shall be recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down to fair value less cost to sell. A gain shall be recognized for any subsequent increase in fair value less cost to sell
 but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized (for a write-down to fair value less cost to sell). The loss or gain shall adjust only the carrying amount of a long-lived asset
 whether classified as held for sale individually or as part of a disposal group.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions
 renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is included in operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Useful Life &lt;br  /&gt;(in years)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 87%;&gt;Automobiles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 10%;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;10-30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;5-10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Furniture &amp;amp; fixtures&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center;&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Construction-in-progress&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Construction-in-progress consists of amounts expended for a new factory park construction
 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress is transferred to property
 plant
 and equipment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company applies the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 360 (ASC 360)
 Property, Plant, and Equipment which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. There was no impairment of long-lived assets as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;For intangible assets subject to amortization
 an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. The was no impairment of intangible assets as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair value measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;FASB ASC 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements&amp;#8221; (formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
 maximize the use of observable units and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and related disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company&amp;#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. Valuation of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets that are readily and regularly available.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: -0.25in; margin: 0pt 0px 0pt 0.5in; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-bottom: 0pt; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;This guidance applies to other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. On February 12
 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 except for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;We also analyze all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&amp;#8221;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&amp;#8217;s Own Stock&amp;#8221;). We have determined ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) has no material effect on our financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (&amp;#8220;SAB 104&amp;#8221;). The Company recognizes product revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue is recognized net of value-added tax (VAT)
 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other factors known at the time. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 sales discounts from continuing operations were $819
544 and $70
98&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;7
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;We offer a right of exchange on our grain products sold through our relationships with grocery store networks. The consumer who purchases the product may exchange it for the same kind and quantity of product originally purchased. In accordance with FASB ASC 605-15-25-1 and 605-15-15-2
 these are not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 returns of our products were not material.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company expenses the cost of advertising as incurred or
 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs from continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
813
049 and $952
472
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Research and development&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company expenses its research and development costs as incurred. Research and development expenses from continuing operations were immaterial for the year ended December 31 2012 and $98
393 for the year ended December 31
 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In December 2004
 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &amp;#8220;Share-Based Payment&amp;#8221;
 which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&amp;#8217;s ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation.&amp;#8221; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&amp;#8217;s views regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
 or on a modified version of retrospective application under which financial statements for prior periods are adjusted on a basis consistent with the pro forma disclosures required for those periods under SFAS No. 123.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company has fully adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 718 and related interpretations as provided by SAB 107. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
 the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Under ASC 740
 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; test
 no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation and comprehensive income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;U.S. GAAP requires that recognized revenue
 expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income
 are components of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The unit of RMB is in Yuan. Translation gains are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders&amp;#8217; equity section of the consolidated balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Statement of cash flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 230
 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows
&amp;#8221; cash flows from the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result
 amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recent pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In May 2011
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-04) to Fair Value Measurement (ASC Topic 820). In 2006
 the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) published a Memorandum of Understanding
 which has served as the foundation of the Board&amp;#8217;s efforts to a common set of high quality global accounting standards. Consistent with the Memorandum of Understanding and the Board&amp;#8217;s commitment to achieving the goal
 the amendments in this Update are the result of the work by the FASB and the IASB to develop common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In May 2011
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-05) to Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220). The amendment require that all non-owner changes in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In the two-statement approach
 the first statement should present total net income and its components followed consecutively by a second statement that should present total other comprehensive income
 the components of other comprehensive income
 and the total of comprehensive income. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In September 2011
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-08) to Intangibles&amp;#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). The amendments in the Update permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in Topic 350. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-4. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 then the entity is required to perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss
 if any
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-9. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In December 2011
 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-10) to Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (ASC Topic 360). Under the amendments in this Update
 when a parent (reporting entity) ceases to have a controlling financial interest (as described in Subtopic 810-10) in a subsidiary that is in substance real estate as a result of default on the subsidiary&amp;#8217;s nonrecourse debt
 the reporting entity should apply the guidance in Subtopic 360-20 to determine whether it should derecognize the in substance real estate. Generally
 a reporting entity would not satisfy the requirements to derecognize the in substance real estate before the legal transfer of the real estate to the lender and the extinguishment of the related nonrecourse indebtedness. That is
 even if the reporting entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest under Subtopic 810-10
 the reporting entity would continue to include the real estate
 debt
 and the results of the subsidiary&amp;#8217;s operations in its consolidated financial statements until legal title to the real estate is transferred to legally satisfy the debt. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In December 2011
 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-11) to Balance Sheet (ASC Topic 210) regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. Pursuant to this Update
 entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In July 2012
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&amp;#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this Update
 an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#8221; This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15


 2011
 Detian Yu terminated its control over the VIE Group (see Note 1). The results of the VIE Group for the period between January 1 and December 20
 2011 have been presented as a discontinued operation in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the year ended December 31
 2011. Selected operating results for the discontinued business are presented in the following tables:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Net revenue&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;15
276
475&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(12
256
832&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(8
251
364&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Interest income
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5
478&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Other income
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;37
371&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Loss before income taxes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(5
188
872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Income taxes benefit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;1
297
042&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;(3
891


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;On February 2
 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 acquired 100% of the equity interests of the Taizihu Group for cash consideration of $5
502
181 (RMB 34
705
000). The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the purchase method of accounting. The Taizihu Group&amp;#8217;s results of operations were included in Deyu&amp;#8217;s results beginning February 3
 2012. The purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their fair value at the acquisition date as summarized in the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 87%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5
502
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Allocation of the purchase price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;28
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;240
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
373
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Advance to supplier&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;840
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;584
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5
891
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Construction-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
673
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
823
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;117
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Short-term loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(6
499
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(319
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Advance from customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(225
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(528
144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Fair value of net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;6
001
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Gain on bargain purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(499
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The following summarized unaudited pro forma results of operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 assuming that all significant acquisitions during the two-year period ended December 31
 2012 occurred as of January 1
 2011 and all significant acquisitions during the year ended December 31
 2012 occurred as of January 1
 2012
 respectively. These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations which actually would have resulted had the significant acquisitions occurred as of January 1
 2011 and 2012
 nor is it indicative of future operating results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;For&amp;#160;The&amp;#160;Years&amp;#160;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;255
73&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;5
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;274
689
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
00&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;8
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;22
353
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accounts receivable consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;33
99&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;36
167
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;(4
87&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;33
99&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;1
288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;36
167
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Inventory consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;7
730
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;8
108
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;73&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;21
7&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;61
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;12
109
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;7&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;56
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;94
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;30
322
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;20
314
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Prepaid expenses consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Deductible value-added taxes (VAT)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
0&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;03
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;92
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Prepaid expenses for investor relations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;163
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Prepaid rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;155
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;88
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Prepaid bank loan guarantee fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;83
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color:
 #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Prepaid advertisement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;46
376&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Prepaid other expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;129
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;79
842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;53
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;391
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2011 represent the cost of timber
 timberland and farmland (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;Timberland&amp;#8221;) and amounted to $1.6 million (RMB 10.3 million)
 which management assessed approximating its fair value. The Company exchanged the Timberland for an office building paying cash consideration of $1.1 million (RMB 7.2 million) for the variance between the fair values of the office building and the Timberland on March 19


 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Automobiles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;010
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;896
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;16
53&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9
593
679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;67
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;408
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;7
4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;35
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
954
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;6&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;11
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;605
705&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;26
060
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;14
459
018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(6
6&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;17
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(2
103
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;19
442
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;12
355
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The buildings owned by the Company located in Jinzhong and Quwo in Shanxi Province
 China are used for production
 warehousing
 and offices for our corn and grains business. The Company exchanged its Timberland for an office building valued at $2.7million (RMB 16.8million) in January 2012
 of which depreciation commenced in January 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 $5.6 million (RMB 35 million) of buildings
 machinery and equipment owned by the Taizihu Group were pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=text-indent: 0.5in; margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Depreciation expense from continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $ 1
890
960and $794
853


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Construction-in-progress amounted to $1
849
375 as of December 31
 2012 mainly represents payment on the construction of a new factory park and the partial cost of the land use right where the new factory park occupies in Huichun. Construction-in-progress amounted to $765


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Intangible assets consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Land use rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;13
158
508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9
808
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Software-ERP System and B2C platform&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
059
004&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
032
746&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(828
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(189
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;13
389
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10
651
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;According to government regulations of the PRC
 the PRC Government owns all land. The Company owns the land use rights of farmland and industrial lands. The Company leases and has obtained a certificate of right of use on 11
667 square meters with the PRC Government in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province where Jinzhong Deyu's buildings and production facility are located. The term of the right is four to five years and is automatically renewed upon expiration. The right was fully amortized as of December 31
 2010 using the straight-line method. On June 18 2012
 the Company received the extended land use right certificate and the term of the right has been extended to March 14
 2037.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Taizihu leases and has obtained a certificate of right to use on 100
000 square meters of industrial land with the PRC Government in Quwo County
 Shanxi Province where Taizihu Group&amp;#8217;s buildings and production facility are located. The term of the right is 50 years from October 28
 2008 to October 27
 2058. The amortization of the land use right was commenced in October 2008 using the straight-line method over 50 years. Of the 100
000 square meters of land
 approximately 26
000 square meters amounting to $966
886 were used for the construction of the new factory park and were reclassified from intangible assets to construction-in-progress when the construction commenced in January 2011 and as reported on the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. The land use right used for the construction of the new factory park has been suspended for amortization since January 2011 when the construction commenced.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 $3
878
579 (RMB 24 million) of the land use right owned by Taizihu Group was pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans
 of which $966
886 (RMB 6.0 million) was reclassified under construction-in-progress.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Amortization expense of the intangible assets for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $406
122 and $184
444


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;78
776&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Net deferred tax assets - noncurrent&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;648
759&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;727
535&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company exchanged its Timberland for the buildings with the land use right on March 19
 2012 (see NOTE 8). The title transferring of the land use right has been completed and the Company obtained the land use right certificate on May 10
 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the land use right which amounted to $184
587 (RMB 1.15 million) represents the land use right located at Shanzhuangtou
 Jinzhong


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Short-term loan consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The People's Bank of China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6.00%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 14
 2012 with maturity date on August 13
 2013. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
407
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate
 based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The People's Bank of China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6.0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from September 18
 2012 with maturity date on September 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
444
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
364
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
364
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Dah Sing Bank (China) Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.2%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from July 18
 2012 with maturity date on July 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr Tian Wenjun for a period of one year starting from July 18
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
284
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimen subbranch
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.20%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from January 11
 2012 with maturity date on January 10
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detain Yu and guaranteed by Beijing Agriculture Guarantee Ltd. for a period of one year starting from November 30
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;264
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The loan was paid off on January 10
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The bank loan of $160
511.00 (or RMB1
000
000.00) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 9%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from September 28
 2012 with maturity date on September 27
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr. Tian Wenjun for a period of one year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;On December 21
 2012 the loan was repaid for $40
128 (or RMB250
000.00)
 as of December 31
 2012
 the loan balance was $120
383 (or RMB750
000.00).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;120
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications Gongzhufen subbranch
 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from December 12
 2012 with maturity date on December 12
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detain Yu.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;14
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Loan payable to Hangzhou TianCi Investment Management Co.
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Ltd.
 an unrelated party. The loan was unsecured
 bearing no interest and no due date was specified. The loan was obtained by Jiruhai.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;58
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;58
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimen subbranch
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as o&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;f December 31
 2011 was 7.8720%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from November 30
 2011 with maturity date on November 29
 2012. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by China Agriculture Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd. for a period of one year starting from November 30
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The loan was paid off on November 29
2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
121
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 8
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Deyu and guaranteed by Jinzhong Juntai Automotive Parts Manufacturing Co.
 Ltd.
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 20
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
588
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 9
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 21
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
350
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 9
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The loan was paid off on August 20
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
350
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ccffcc; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 30% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 8.5280%. &lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The term of the loan started from May 10
 2011with maturity date on May 9
 2012. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Zhongyuan Guoxin Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Wenjun Tian and Jianming Hao for a period of one year starting from May 10
 2011. The loan was paid off on May 9
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;7
944
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8
323
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;14
413
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Loan payable to Hangzhou TianCi Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. was unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date was specified.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Notes payable consisted of the following:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Bank notes payable to Jinzhong Haida Nongyi Trading Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;issued by Bank of Communication at Beijing Dongzhi&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;men branch
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;bearing no interest and no finance charge.This note is&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;for August 17
 2011 through February 17
 2012.The note was&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new
 roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;obtained and issued by Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;The note was paid off on March 7
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
588
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
588
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Accrued expenses consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Accrued VAT and other taxes&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;28
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;412
437&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Accrued payroll&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;288
584&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;266
983&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;789
640&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;469
785&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;1
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;506
776&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;1
149
205&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;United States&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deyu Agriculture Corp. is incorporated in the State of Nevada in the United States of America and is subject to the U.S. federal and state taxation. No provision for income taxes have been made as the Company has no taxable income in the U.S. The applicable income tax &lt;font style=background-color: white;&gt;rate for the Company for years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was 34%. No tax benefit has been realized since a 100% valuation allowance has offset deferred tax asset resulting from the net operatin&lt;/font&gt;g losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;British Virgin Islands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;City Zone
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated in the BVI and
 under the current laws of the BVI
 is not subject to income taxes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Hong Kong&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Most Smart
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated in Hong Kong. Most Smart is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and income arising in or derived from Hong Kong. No provision for income taxes have been made as Most Smart has no taxable income in Hong Kong.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Under the Enterprise Income Tax (&amp;#8220;EIT&amp;#8221;) Law of the PRC
 the standard EIT rate is 25%. The PRC subsidiaries of the Company are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate. According to the Tax Pronouncement [2008] No. 149 issued by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
 the preliminary processing industry of agricultural products is entitled to EIT exemption starting January 1
 2008. Three of the Company&amp;#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiaries located in the Shanxi Province
 China
 including Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang
 are subject to the EIT exemption. All other subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities are subject to the 25% EIT rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The provision for income taxes from continuing operations on income consists of the following for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Current income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;8&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;86
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total current expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;8&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;86
768&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;878
74&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(1
112
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income tax expense&amp;#160;attributable to discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
297
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income tax expense attributable to continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
765
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;184
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;The following is a reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate of the continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Expected U.S. income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Tax-exempt income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-33.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-39.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Foreign tax differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-0.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Intercompany elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income tax expense attributable to continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Significant components of the Company&amp;#8217;s net deferred tax assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are presented in the following table:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards (NOL)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;3
430
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
255
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;391
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;351
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets acquired in business combination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;88
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;3
909
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
606
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(3
909
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(1
813
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total deferred tax assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;793
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of December 31
 2012


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Reconciliation of the basic and diluted net income per share was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(Numerator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(Denominator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; width: 61%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
00&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;8
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
598
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;446
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
015
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
45&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;5
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
614
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
00&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;8
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
598
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;446
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
015
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
45&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;5
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
614
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;20
126
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
522
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;427
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
974
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;20
553
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
497
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;17
335
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
522
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;427
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
974
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;17
763
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
497
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reverse Acquisition and Private Placement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;On April 27
 2010
 we completed the acquisition of City Zone by means of a Share Exchange with (i) City Zone
 (ii) City Zone&amp;#8217;s shareholders and (iii) our principal stockholders (see NOTE 1). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange
 Expert Venture and the other City Zone shareholders transferred to us all of the shares of City Zone in exchange for the issuance of 8
736
932 shares of our common stock so that Expert Venture and the other minority shareholders of City Zone shall own at least a majority of our outstanding shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Our directors approved the Share Exchange and the transactions contemplated thereby. The directors of City Zone also approved the Share Exchange and the transactions contemplated thereby.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;As a result of the Share Exchange
 we acquired 100% of the equity interests of City Zone
 the business and operations of which now constitute our primary business and operations through its wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries. Specifically
 as a result of the Share Exchange:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;We issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock to the City Zone Shareholders;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The ownership position of our shareholders who were holders of common stock immediately prior to the Share Exchange changed from 100% to 9.5% (fully diluted) of our outstanding shares; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;table style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;City Zone Shareholders were issued our common stock constituting approximately 65.71% of our fully diluted outstanding shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Immediately after the Share Exchange
 we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &amp;#8220;Purchase Agreement&amp;#8221;) with certain accredited investors (the &amp;#8220;Investors&amp;#8221;) for the issuance and sale in a private placement of 1
866
174 Units at $4.40 per Unit
 with each &amp;#8220;Unit&amp;#8221; consisting of one share of Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &amp;#8220;Investor Shares&amp;#8221;) and a warrant to purchase 0.4 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $5.06 per share (the &amp;#8220;Warrants&amp;#8221;). We initially received gross proceeds from the sale of the 1
866
174 Investor Shares and Warrants to purchase up to 746
479 shares of our common stock of $8
211
166 (the &amp;#8220;Private Placement&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;In connection with the Private Placement
 we also entered into a registration rights agreement (the &amp;#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&amp;#8221;) with the Investors
 in which we agreed to file a registration statement (the &amp;#8220;Registration Statement&amp;#8221;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &amp;#8220;SEC&amp;#8221;) to register for resale the Investor Shares
 within 60 calendar days of April 27
 2010
 and use our best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective within 180 calendar days of April 27
 2010. We agreed to pay monthly liquidated damages in cash to each Investor equal to 0.5% of the dollar amount of the purchase price of the Investor Shares
 on a pro rata basis
 for each 30 day period the Registration Statement is not declared effective
 up to a maximum of 8% of the purchase price
 however on October 21
 2010
 the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective and no liquidated damages were incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;In connection with the Private Placement
 Maxim Group
 LLC acted as our financial advisor and placement agent (the &amp;#8220;Placement Agent&amp;#8221;). The Placement Agent received a cash fee equal to 7% of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement. Maxim also received warrants to purchase 171
911 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $4.84 (the &amp;#8220;Placement Agent Warrants&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the original placement agreement entered into by and between Detian Yu and the Placement Agent on January 27
 2010 (the &amp;#8220;Original Placement Agreement&amp;#8221;)
 we engaged the Placement Agent to act as the exclusive agent to sell the Units in this offering on a &amp;#8220;commercially reasonable efforts basis.&amp;#8221; The Placement Agent also received a cash corporate finance fee equally to 1% of our gross proceeds raised in the offering
 payable at the time of each closing; five (5) year warrants to purchase that number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock equal to 5% of the aggregate number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock underlying the Units issued pursuant to the offering; and a non-refundable cash retainer of $25
000 payable upon the execution of the retainer agreement. We also agreed to pay for all of the reasonable expenses the Placement Agent incurred in connection with the offering.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;On May 10
 2010
 we closed on the second and final round of the private placement offering for the issuance and sale of 589
689 Units
 consisting of 589
689 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and 235
883 five-year Series A Warrants with an exercise price of $5.06 per share
 to certain Investors for total gross proceeds of $2
594
607.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;We raised an aggregate amount of $10
805
750 in the offering in two closing events. As of the final closing
 we had 9
999
999 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. In connection with the offering
 we issued a total of 2
455
863 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and 982
362 Series A Warrants to the investors. Additionally
 the Placement Agent received 171
911 warrants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;As of the final closing of the Private Placement
 we had 9
999
999 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Between the final closing of the Private Placement and &lt;font style=background-color: white;&gt;December 31
 2012
 an aggr&lt;/font&gt;egate of 538
267 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock and an aggregate of 120
000 shares of common stock were issued. As of December 31
 2012
 the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding was 10
658
266 shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Series A Convertible Preferred Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Holders of Series A convertible preferred stock (&amp;#8220;Series A Preferred&amp;#8221;) are entitled to receive
 cumulative dividends in preference to the holders of our common stock at an annual rate of 5% of the applicable per Series A Preferred original purchase price (the &amp;#8220;Dividend Preference&amp;#8221; and the &amp;#8220;Dividends&amp;#8221;). If
 after the Dividend Preference has been fully paid or declared and set apart
 the Company shall make any additional distributions
 then the holders of Series A Preferred shall participate with the holders of common stock on an as-converted basis with respect to such distributions. Dividends are payable in cash or shares of Series A Preferred
 at the Company&amp;#8217;s option.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 the holders of Series A Preferred will be entitled to receive
 out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders
 an amount equal to $4.40 per share (the &amp;#8220;Liquidation Preference Amount&amp;#8221;)
 before any payment shall be made or any assets distributed to the holders of the common stock (the &amp;#8220;Liquidation Preference&amp;#8221;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Each holder of Series A Preferred will have the right
 at the option of the holder at any time on or after the issuance of the Series A Preferred
 without the payment of additional consideration
 to convert the Series A Preferred into a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock equal to: (i) the Liquidation Preference Amount of such share divided by (ii) the Conversion Price in effect as of the date of the conversion in accordance with the Certificate of Designations of the Series A Preferred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For a period of two (2) years following the issuance of the Series A Preferred
 the conversion price of Series A Preferred subject to adjustment for issuances of common stock (or securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock) at a purchase price less than the conversion price of the Series A Preferred. The Series A Preferred Stock does not contain any repurchase or redemption rights.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br  /&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Current accounting standards require that we evaluate the terms and conditions of convertible preferred stock to determine (i) if the nature of the hybrid financial instrument
 based upon its economic risks
 is more akin to an equity contract or a debt contract for purposes of establishing classification of the embedded conversion feature and (ii) the classification of the host or hybrid financial instrument. Based upon a review of the terms and conditions of the Series A Preferred
 the Company has concluded that the financial instrument is more akin to an equity financial instrument. The major consideration underlying this conclusion is that the Series A Preferred is a perpetual financial instrument with no stated maturity or redemption date
 or other redemption that is not within the Company&amp;#8217;s control. Other considerations in support of the equity conclusion included the voting rights and conversion feature into common shares. While the cumulative dividend feature may
 in some instances
 be likened to a debt-type coupon
 the absence of a stated maturity date was determined to establish the cumulative dividend as a residual return
 which does not obviate the equity nature of the financial instrument. Further
 there are no cash redemption features that are not within the control of our management. As a result
 classification in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity is appropriate for the Series A Preferred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 an aggregate of 538
267 shares of Series A Preferred were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock. On July 29
 2011 and July 26
 2012
 66
379 and 55
995 shares of Series A Preferred were issued as dividends to the shareholders of Series A Preferred
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012
 the total number of shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding was 2
039
970 shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded $446
748 and $427
917 preferred dividend expenses
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Series A Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The warrants issued to the Investors and the Placement Agent have strike prices of $5.06 and $4.84
 respectively
 and expire in five (5) years. The strike prices are subject to adjustment only for changes in our capital structure
 but allow for cashless exercise under a formula that limits the aggregate issuable common shares. There are no redemption features embodied in the warrants and they have met the conditions provided in current accounting standards for equity classification.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;There were 982
362 Series A Warrants sold together with the Series A Preferred to the Investors
 each of which:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 3%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 94%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;entitles the holder to purchase 1 share of common stock;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;are exercisable at any time after consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement and shall expire on the date that is five years following the original issuance date of the Series A Warrants;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;are exercisable
 in whole or in part
 at an exercise price of $5.06 per share of common stock; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;are exercisable only for cash (except that there will be a cashless exercise option if
 after twelve months from the Issue Date
 (i) the Per Share Market Value of one share of common stock is greater than the Warrant Price (at the date of calculation) and (ii) a registration statement under the Securities Act providing for the resale of the common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrant Shares is not in effect
 in lieu of exercising the Series A Warrant by payment of cash).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Aggregate gross proceeds from the two closing events amounted to $10
805
750. Direct financing costs totaled $1
742
993 of which $1
555
627 was paid in cash and the balance of $187
366 represents the fair value of warrants linked to 171
911 shares of our common stock that were issued to the Placement Agent. The proceeds and the related direct financing costs were allocated to the Series A Preferred and the warrants (classified in paid-in capital) based upon their relative fair values. The following table summarizes the components of the allocation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Paid-in&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Series A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Capital&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 61%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Fair values of financial instruments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
248
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
039
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;11
288
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Gross proceeds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;9
810
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;995
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
805
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Direct financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(1
581
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(161
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(1
742
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Fair value of placement agent warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;187
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;187
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8
228
677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
021
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;9
250
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair value considerations:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Our accounting for the sale of Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants
 and the issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants to the Placement Agent required the estimation of fair values of the financial instruments on the financing inception date. The development of fair values of financial instruments requires the selection of appropriate methodologies and the estimation of often subjective assumptions. We selected the valuation techniques based upon consideration of the types of assumptions that market participants would likely consider in exchanging the financial instruments in market transactions. The Series A Preferred was valued based upon a common stock equivalent method
 enhanced by the cumulative dividend feature. The dividend feature was valued as the estimated cash flows of the dividends discounted to present value using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes-Merton Valuation Technique because it embodies all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility
 estimated terms and risk free rates) necessary to fair value these instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;These fair values were necessary to develop relative fair value calculation for allocations of certain elements of the financing arrangement
 principally proceeds and the related direct financing costs. The following tables reflect assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Series A Preferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Series A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Series A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Hierarchy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;April 27
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;May 10
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Level&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 61%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Indexed common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
866
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;589
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Components of fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Common stock equivalent value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;6
631
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
083
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Dividend feature&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;659
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;209
439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;7
291
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
292
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Significant assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Common stock price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Horizon for dividend cash flow projection&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Weighted average cost of capital (WACC)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;15.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;15.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Fair value hierarchy of the above assumptions can be categorized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 or derived there from. There were no level 1 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Level 2 inputs are significant other observable inputs. There were no level 2 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs. Inputs for which any parts are level 3 inputs are classified as level 3 in their entirety.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market price was indicative of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the common stock price value was derived implicitly from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&amp;#8217;s length transaction. The Private Placement was composed of shares of Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants which were both indexed to our common stock; accordingly
 we used an iterative process to determine the value of our common stock in order for the fair value of the Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants to equal the amount of consideration received in the Private Placement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Dividend horizon- We estimated the horizon for dividend payment at 2 years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;WACC- The rates utilized to discount the cumulative dividend cash flows to their present values were based on a weighted average cost of capital of 18.94% and 18.60%
 as of April 27
 2010 and May 10
 2010
 respectively. This discount rate was determined after consideration of the rate of return on debt capital and equity that typical investors would require in an investment in companies similar in size and operating in similar markets as Deyu Agriculture Corporation. The cost of equity was determined using a build-up method which begins with a risk free rate and adds expected risk premiums designed to reflect the additional risk of the investment. Additional premiums or discounts related specifically to us and the industry are also added or subtracted to arrive at the final cost of equity rate. The cost of debt was determined based upon available financing terms.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#9679;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Significant inputs and assumptions underlying the model calculations related to the warrant valuations are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The following tables reflect assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Warrants:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;April 27
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;May 10
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Hierarchy&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Investor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Agent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Investor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Agent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Level&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Indexed shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;746
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;130
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;235
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;41
279&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Exercise price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Significant assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Stock price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Remaining term&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Risk free rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.24&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;45.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;45.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;45.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;45.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Fair value hierarchy of the above assumptions can be categorized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;There were no Level 1 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Level 2 inputs include:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Risk-free rate- This rate is based on publicly-available yields on zero-coupon Treasury securities with remaining terms to maturity consistent with the remaining contractual term of the warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Expected volatility- We did not have a historical trading history sufficient to develop an internal volatility rate for use in the model. As a result
 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical trading volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were used as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model
 no one company was weighted more heavily.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt; width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Level 3 inputs include:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market price was indicative of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the stock price was determined implicitly from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&amp;#8217;s length transaction.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Remaining term- We do not have a history to develop the expected term for our warrants. Accordingly
 we have used the contractual remaining term in our calculations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The following is a summary of the status and activity of warrants outstanding as of December 31
 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=9&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 25%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;982
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 44%; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.32 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.84&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;171
911&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2.32 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
154
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Outstanding as of January 1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
154
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Outstanding as of December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
154
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0in;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 19.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 the Company had one share-based compensation plan as described below. The compensation cost that had been charged against income for the plan was $120
853 and $428
702 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The related income tax benefit recognized was $40
136 and $145
759 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. A 100% valuation allowance was assessed against the deferred tax assets derived from such tax benefit as of December 31
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On November 4
 2010
 our Board of Directors approved the Company&amp;#8217;s 2010 Share Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;). Under the Plan
 1
000
000 shares of our common stock shall be allocated to and authorized for use pursuant to the terms of the Plan. On November 8
 2010
 a total of 931
000 non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan
 including 851
000 options granted to the Company&amp;#8217;s executives and key employees (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Employees&amp;#8221;) and 80
000 options granted to consultants and independent directors of the Board (collectively
 &amp;#8220;Non-employees&amp;#8221;)
 at an exercise price of $4.40 per share. On December 15
 2010
 40
000 non-qualified incentive stock options were approved by our Board of Directors and granted under the Plan to a consultant at an exercise price of $4.40 per share. The option award granted in 2010 shall vest as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;33 1/3% of the option grants be vested one (1) month after the date of grant;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;33 1/3% of the option grants be vested twelve (12) months after the date of grant; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(iii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;33 1/3% of the option grants be vested twenty-four (24) months after the date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On March 8
 2012
 our Board of Directors allocated to and authorized for use the maximum number of shares allowable pursuant to the terms of the Plan and granted 420
000 options under the Plan to independent directors
 officers and key employees of the Company
 of which included some new options and those re-granted after such options were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All of granted options of this batch vest as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;50% of the options granted will vest six (6) months after the date of the grant; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;50% of the options granted will vest twelve (12) months after the date of the grant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On November 23
 2012
 our Board of Directors allocated to and authorized to re-grant 150
000 options to a director of the Company after such options were forfeited by other former employees as a result of their resignations from the Company in accordance with the terms of their option agreements. All of the granted options of this batch vest as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;33 1/3% of the option grants be vested one (1) month after the date of grant;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(ii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;33 1/3% of the option grants be vested twelve (12) months after the date of grant; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(iii)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;33 1/3% of the option grants be vested twenty-four (24) months after the date of grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. The model is based on the assumption that it is possible to set up a perfectly hedged position consisting of owning the shares of stock and selling a call option on the stock. Any movement in the price of the underlying stock will be offset by an opposite movement in the options value
 resulting in no risk to the investor. This perfect hedge is riskless and
 therefore
 should yield the riskless rate of return. As the Black-Scholes option pricing model applies to stocks that do not pay dividends
 we made an adjustment developed by Robert Merton to approximate the option value of a dividend-paying stock. Under this adjustment method
 it is assumed that the Company&amp;#8217;s stock will generate a constant dividend yield during the remaining life of the options.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The following tables reflect assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option award:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Options granted on November 8
 2010:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable&amp;#160;Period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/8/2010&amp;#160;- 11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/8/2011&amp;#160;- 11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/8/2012&amp;#160;- 11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 55%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;1.12&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;1.46&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Lives (years)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.04&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.50&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Volatility (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46.10&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;44.49&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43.04&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.00-55.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.00-55.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.00-55.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend Yield (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Options granted on December 15
 2010:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable&amp;#160;Period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;1/15/2011 - 12/15/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/15/2011&amp;#160;- 12/15/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/15/2012&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;12/15/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 55%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;2.15&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;2.32&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Lives (years)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.04&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.50&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Volatility (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46.15&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;44.52&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43.09&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend Yield (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Options granted on March 8
 2012:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable&amp;#160;Period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;09/08/2012 - 03/08/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;03/08/2013 - 03/08/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;0.94&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Lives (years)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.25&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.49&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Volatility (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;45.91&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;45.22&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend Yield (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Options granted on November 23
 2012:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable Period&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/23/2012 - 11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/23/2013 - 11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/23/2014 - 11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 55%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;0.60&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;0.68&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Lives (years)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4.02&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4.48&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4.98&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Volatility (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;37.43&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46.48&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46.45&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend Yield (%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Fair value hierarchy of the above assumptions can be categorized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;There were no Level 1 inputs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 2 inputs include:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Risk-free rate- This rate is based on continuous compounding of publicly-available yields on U.S. Treasury securities with remaining terms to maturity consistent with the expected term of the options at the dates of grant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Expected volatility- We did not have a historical trading history sufficient to develop an internal volatility rate for use in the model. As a result
 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical trading volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were used as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model
 no one company was weighted more heavily.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Level 3 inputs include:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.5in;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 0.25in;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Expected lives- The expected lives of options granted were derived from the output of the option valuation model and represented the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year- The expected forfeitures are estimated at the dates of grant and will be revised in subsequent periods pursuant to actual forfeitures
 if significantly different from the previous estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The estimates of fair value from the model are theoretical values of stock options and changes in the assumptions used in the model could result in materially different fair value estimates. The actual value of the stock options will depend on the market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock when the stock options are exercised.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;A summary of option activity under the Plan as of December 31
 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Aggregate&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Contractual&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Term&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 48%;&gt;Outstanding as of January 1
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;815
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;4.40&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;570
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.23&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(261
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;4.40&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Outstanding as of December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
124
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;3.30&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4.26 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
233
801&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Exercisable as of December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;814
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;3.64&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4.10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
101
827&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Vested and expected to vest (1)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
124
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;3.30&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4.26 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(1) Includes vested shares and unvested shares after a forfeiture rate is applied.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;A summary of the status of the Company&amp;#8217;s unvested shares as of December 31
 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Grant-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Date Fair&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Unvested Shares&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%;&gt;Unvested as of January 1
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;271
667&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;487
813&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;570
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;256
824&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Vested&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(444
667&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(450
864&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(87
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(161
799&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Unvested as of December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;310
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;131
974&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: #333333; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: #333333; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: #333333;&gt;Sales to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: #333333;&gt;24
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: #333333;&gt;3
250
946&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Sales to Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;8
427&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;21
471&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sales to Tieling Zhongnong Agriculture Technology Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
114
581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sales to Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
Ltd&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;663&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;3
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Mr. Jianming Hao
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company is the former Executive Director of Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd. Jianbin Zhou
 the Chief Operating Officer of the Company is the legal representative of Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd. The prices in the transactions with related parties were determined according to the market price sold to or purchased from third parties.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Due from related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Feng Liu&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;315
369&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color:
 black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;43
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;24
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Hao He&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;34
330&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due form Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;4
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;3
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;468
976&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;89
929&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;397
214&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;587
108&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;Mr. Feng Liu is the legal representative and the non-controlling shareholder of Jilin Jinglong. Mr. Hao He is the former shareholder of Huichun and Taizihu. &lt;/font&gt;Mr. Wenjun Tian
 the former President and Director of the Company is the Executive Director of Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
 Ltd.&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=color: black;&gt;Jianming Hao
 a Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company&lt;/font&gt;
 is the former &lt;font style=color: black;&gt;Executive Director of Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech Development Co.
 Ltd.. Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.; the legal representative of which is Jianbin Zhou
 the Company's Chief Operating Officer. &lt;/font&gt;Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. was no longer considered a related party after the VIE termination on December 20
 2011 (see Note 1) simultaneously accompanied with the key executives of the Company resigning from all management posts in the VIE Group and selling their shares in the VIE Group to an unrelated individual.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Due to related parties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Due to Dongsheng International Investment Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6
007
929&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;2
899
633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Due to Mr. Wenjun Tian&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
660
623&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
542
144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Due to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;265
291&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Due to Deyufarm Innovation Food(Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;3
338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;8
933
843&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;5
445
115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Mr. Wenjun Tian
 the former President and Director of the Company
 is the President and Executive Director of Dongsheng International Investment Co.
 Ltd. Those loans as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date is specified.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Guarantees&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 Mr. Wenjun Tian provided guarantees on short-term loans obtained by Detian Yu. Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 of which the legal representative is Junlian Zheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Company


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 21.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;SEGMENT REPORTING&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The Company defined reportable segments according to ASC Topic 280. In the fourth quarter of 2011
 our management changed the structure of allocating resources and assessing the performance of the group. The new three segments were identified primarily based on the structure of allocating resources and assessing performance of the group
 including corn division
 grain division and bulk trading division. The segment reporting information for year ended December 31
 2012 was based on these three segments and that for the year ended December 31
 2011 was restated accordingly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The corn division is in the business of purchasing corn from farmers
 simple processing and distributing to agricultural product trading companies through wholesale. The business of the grain division is conducted by processing and distributing grains and other products to supermarkets and convenient stories after processing with our own brand names
 including &amp;#8220;Deyu&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Shi-Tie&amp;#8221;
 &amp;#8220;Huichun&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Longquan Villa&amp;#8221;. The business of the bulk trading division is conducted by bulk purchasing and the sale of raw grain.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the year ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bulk Trading&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Division&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Division&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Division&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Revenues from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;151
047
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;73
81&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;1
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;29
187
322&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;254
04&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Intersegment revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;61
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;61
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Interest revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;17
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;11
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;37
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(610
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(607
362&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(259
855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(1
477
304&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net interest (expense) income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(592
863&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(595
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(251
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(1
439
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(577
814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(1
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;691
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;27
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(2
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;297
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Noncontrolling interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;46
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;46
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Segment net profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
1&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;49
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;9
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;611
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;6
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(3
3&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;78
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
40&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;8
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the year ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Corn&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Grain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bulk Trading&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Division&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Division&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Division&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Revenues from external customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;177
723
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;40
507
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;43
345
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;261
576
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Intersegment revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Interest revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;33
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;42
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Interest expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(608
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(119
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(77
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(805
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net interest (expense) income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(574
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(115
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(72
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(763
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;479
538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;475
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;23
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;979
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Noncontrolling interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;38
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;38
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Segment net profit (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;19
388
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
500
612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
964
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(4
338
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;20
515
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;All of our revenues were generated from customers in China
 except for sales of certain bean-based products to local exporting agencies in China who export them to Germany
 Japan
 and other countries. Sales to exporting agencies were denominated in RMB
 the Company&amp;#8217;s functional currency and were accounted for as domestic sales. All long-lived assets are located in China. The following tables set forth our three major customers in each segment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Corn Division :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Chongqin Sanwang Feed Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Meishan Wens' Rear Lifestock Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Chengdu Zhengda Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Top Three Customers as % of Total Gross Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;14.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Grain Division :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;23.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;0&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Beijing Suning Appliance Company Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;22.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Doukounianhua Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Top Three Customers as % of Total Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;48.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bulk Trading Division :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Zhengda Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;27.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Guchuan Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;23.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Helifeihua Trading Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Top Three Customers as % of Total Gross Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;58.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;17&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1in;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 22.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s cash balances in bank were maintained within the PRC where no rule or regulation currently in place to provide obligatory insurance for bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to such risks on its cash balances in banks.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 all of the Company&amp;#8217;s sales were generated in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were due from customers located in the PRC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;No single customer accounted for greater than 10% of the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated gross revenue for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 or consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
 2011. Beijing Suning Appliance Co.
 Ltd. accounted for 22.6% of the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
 2012 while no other single customer accounted for greater than 10% as of December 31


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 23.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Lease Commitments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The Company leases railroad lines
 warehouses
 and offices under operating leases. Future minimum lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 45%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;As of December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;322
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;298
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;184
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;168
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;168
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
476
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
620
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-right: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;On February 12
 2012
 the Company&amp;#8217;s former Chief Financial Officer alleged that the Company may have violated certain state and federal laws and regulations and upon receipt of such allegations
 the Company's Audit Committee retained counsel to conduct an inquiry into such allegations. On March 27
 2012
 the Company received a letter asserting a claim of wrongful termination in violation of public policy wherein the former Chief Financial Officer claims that he was terminated in retaliation for reporting and/or refusing to participate in such alleged violations. He also claims breach of employment contract and seeks payment of $250
000 plus the issuance of 60
000 shares of common stock in settlement for the claimed damages therein. On July 23
 2012
 the Company was provided a copy of a complaint filed in the Superior Court of California
 County of Orange
 repeating the same allegations contained in the March 27
 2012 letter and also asserting claims for intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress and failure to pay wages due at the time of termination. The Company subsequently filed demurrers to the Complaint that resulted in the plaintiff filing a First Amended Complaint on September 28
 2012 and a Second Amended Complaint on January 7
 2013
 alleging essentially the same claims. The Company's answer to the Second Amended Complaint is due to be filed on March 25
 2013 following the most recent demurrer hearing that was held on March 14
 2013. The Court also held a Case Management Conference on March 14 and set a jury trial in this matter for December 9
 2013 and a Mandatory Settlement Conference for October 18
 2013. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-right: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; margin-right: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The Company believes that such allegations and claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend such allegations and claims. The Company will conduct formal discovery
 including the taking of plaintiff's deposition
 and the Company intends to file a motion for summary judgment to be heard prior to the October Mandatory Settlement Conference date. Because the inquiry is in its initial stages
 the Company is not currently able to predict the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome
 or the amount of any possible loss in the event of an unfavorable outcome. Consequently
 no material provision or liability has been recorded for such allegations and claims as of December 31


&lt;tr style=text-align: justify; vertical-align: top;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1in;&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 24.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: justify;&gt;&lt;b&gt;SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On January 4
 2013
 Taizihu obtained a bank loan of $722
300 (RMB4
500
000) from Agriculture Development Bank of China Quwo subbranch
 bearing interest at the prime rate based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The term of the loan started from January 4
 2013 with maturity date on January 3
 2014. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its machinery and equipments.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Management has evaluated subsequent events through March 25
 2013
 the date which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring recognition as of December 31
 2012 have been incorporated into these consolidated financial statements and there are no subsequent events that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Deyu Agriculture Corp.
 its subsidiaries
 and those variable interest entities where the Company is the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The Company&amp;#8217;s function currency is the Chinese Yuan
 or Renminbi (&amp;#8220;RMB&amp;#8221;); however
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (&amp;#8220;USD&amp;#8221;).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;On April 27
 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange




 cash in banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As a result of the financings associated with the reverse merger
 we had
 as of December 31
 2010
 $125
560 in a trust account. The use of these funds required the written approval of our placement agent and us. The funds in the escrow account were designated for certain expenses
 such as investor relations
 accounting/consulting fees
 SEC fees
 and stock transfer agent fees. This amount was classified as restricted cash under current assets on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2010
 while the restriction has been released in 2011.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of restricted cash included: (a) $266
122 of cash was restricted as the pledge for $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) and $264
843 (RMB 1
650
000) of bank loans obtained from China Merchants Bank
 Dongzhimen Branch on November 30
 2011 and January 11
 2012
 respectively
 of which the loan of $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) was paid off on November 29
 2012; (b) $481
533 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $1
284
089 (RMB8
 000
000) obtained from Dah Sing Bank (China) Co. Ltd. on July 18
 2012; (c) $16
051 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $14
446(RMB90
 000) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Subbranch; and (d) $51
642 of cash was restricted as pledges for bank loans of $802
555 (RMB 5
000
000) obtained from Agriculture Development Bank of China on November 3
 2011
 which were paid off on December 7


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts
 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&amp;#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of accounts receivable greater than three months was not material. As of December 31
 2011


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company's inventories are stated at lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on a moving-average basis. Costs of inventories include purchase and related costs incurred in delivering products to their present location and condition. Market value is determined by reference to selling prices after the balance sheet date or to management&amp;#8217;s estimates based on prevailing market conditions. Management periodically evaluates the composition of its inventories at least quarterly to identify slow-moving and obsolete inventories to determine if a valuation allowance is required. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;A long-lived asset to be sold shall be classified as held for sale in the period in which all of the following criteria are met: (a) management
 having the authority to approve the action
 commits to a plan to sell the asset; (b) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (d) the sale of the asset is probable
 and transfer of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale
 within one year
 except as permitted by paragraph ASC 360-10-45-11. The term probable refers to a future sale that is likely to occur; (e) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. The price at which a long-lived asset is being marketed is indicative of whether the entity currently has the intent and ability to sell the asset. A market price that is reasonable in relation to fair value indicates that the asset is available for immediate sale
 whereas a market price in excess of fair value indicates that the asset is not available for immediate sale; and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;A loss shall be recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down to fair value less cost to sell. A gain shall be recognized for any subsequent increase in fair value less cost to sell
 but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized (for a write-down to fair value less cost to sell). The loss or gain shall adjust only the carrying amount of a long-lived asset


 plant
 and equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions
 renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts


 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress is transferred to property
 plant


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company applies the provisions of FASB ASC Topic 360 (ASC 360)
 Property, Plant, and Equipment which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. There was no impairment of long-lived assets as of and for the years ended December 31


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;For intangible assets subject to amortization
 an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. The was no impairment of intangible assets as of and for the years ended December 31


 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements&amp;#8221; (formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
 maximize the use of observable units and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and related disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company&amp;#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt symbol;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. Valuation of these instruments does not require a high degree of judgment as the valuations are based on quoted prices in active markets that are readily and regularly available.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 24px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 24px;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#183;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 or similar techniques that incorporate the assumptions a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;This guidance applies to other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. On February 12
 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 except for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;We also analyze all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&amp;#8221;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (&amp;#8220;SAB 104&amp;#8221;). The Company recognizes product revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s revenue is recognized net of value-added tax (VAT)
 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other factors known at the time. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 sales discounts from continuing operations were $819
544 and $70
98&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;7
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;We offer a right of exchange on our grain products sold through our relationships with grocery store networks. The consumer who purchases the product may exchange it for the same kind and quantity of product originally purchased. In accordance with FASB ASC 605-15-25-1 and 605-15-15-2
 these are not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;The Company expenses the cost of advertising as incurred or
 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs from continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
813
049 and $952
472


393 for the year ended December 31


 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &amp;#8220;Share-Based Payment&amp;#8221;
 which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&amp;#8217;s ASC Topic 718
 &amp;#8220;Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation.&amp;#8221; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&amp;#8217;s views regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
 or on a modified version of retrospective application under which financial statements for prior periods are adjusted on a basis consistent with the pro forma disclosures required for those periods under SFAS No. 123.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The Company has fully adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 718 and related interpretations as provided by SAB 107. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
 the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Under ASC 740
 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &amp;#8220;more likely than not&amp;#8221; test


 expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income


 &amp;#8220;Statement of Cash Flows
&amp;#8221; cash flows from the Company&amp;#8217;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In May 2011
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-04) to Fair Value Measurement (ASC Topic 820). In 2006
 the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) published a Memorandum of Understanding
 which has served as the foundation of the Board&amp;#8217;s efforts to a common set of high quality global accounting standards. Consistent with the Memorandum of Understanding and the Board&amp;#8217;s commitment to achieving the goal
 the amendments in this Update are the result of the work by the FASB and the IASB to develop common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In May 2011
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-05) to Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220). The amendment require that all nonowner changes in stockholders&amp;#8217; equity be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In the two-statement approach
 the first statement should present total net income and its components followed consecutively by a second statement that should present total other comprehensive income
 the components of other comprehensive income
 and the total of comprehensive income. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In September 2011
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-08) to Intangibles&amp;#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). The amendments in the Update permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in Topic 350. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-4. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 then the entity is required to perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss
 if any
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-9. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In December 2011
 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-10) to Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (ASC Topic 360). Under the amendments in this Update
 when a parent (reporting entity) ceases to have a controlling financial interest (as described in Subtopic 810-10) in a subsidiary that is in substance real estate as a result of default on the subsidiary&amp;#8217;s nonrecourse debt
 the reporting entity should apply the guidance in Subtopic 360-20 to determine whether it should derecognize the in substance real estate. Generally
 a reporting entity would not satisfy the requirements to derecognize the in substance real estate before the legal transfer of the real estate to the lender and the extinguishment of the related nonrecourse indebtedness. That is
 even if the reporting entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest under Subtopic 810-10
 the reporting entity would continue to include the real estate
 debt
 and the results of the subsidiary&amp;#8217;s operations in its consolidated financial statements until legal title to the real estate is transferred to legally satisfy the debt. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In December 2011
 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-11) to Balance Sheet (ASC Topic 210) regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. Pursuant to this Update
 entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In July 2012
 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&amp;#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this Update
 an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &amp;#8220;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&amp;#8221; This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Domicile&amp;#160;and&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Percentage&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Date&amp;#160;of&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;of&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Name&amp;#160;of&amp;#160;Subsidiary&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Capital&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Ownership&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: black; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Principal&amp;#160;Activities&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 20%; color: black;&gt;City Zone Holdings Limited (City Zone)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 20%; color: black;&gt;British Virgin Islands
 July 27
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%; color: black;&gt;20
283
581&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 17%; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 20%; color: black;&gt;Holding company of Most Smart&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Most Smart International Limited (Most Smart)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;Hong Kong
 March 11
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Holding company of Shenzhen Redsun&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co.
 Ltd. (Shenzhen Redsun)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 August 20
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;30
000&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Holding company of Shenzhen JiRuHai
 Taizihu and Huichun&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd.(Shenzhen JiRuHai)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 August 20
 2009&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;14
638&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Holding company of Beijing Detian Yu&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (Detian Yu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 November 30
 2006&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;7
637
723&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed packaged food products and staple food. Holding company of the following first five entities.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (Jinzhong Deyu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 April 22
 2004&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
492
622&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Organic grains preliminary processing and wholesale distribution.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Yongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (Jinzhong Yongcheng)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 May 30
 2006&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
025
787&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Corns preliminary processing and wholesale&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Yuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (Jinzhong Yuliang)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 March 17
 2008&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
019
516&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Corns preliminary processing and wholesale distribution.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Tianjin Guandu Food Co.
 Ltd. (Tianjin Guandu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 21
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
544
497&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Wholesale distribution of simple-processed and deep-processed packaged food products and staple food.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Hebei Yugu Grain Co.
 Ltd. (Hebei Yugu)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 July 25
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
563
824&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Wholesale distribution of&amp;#160;grain products and operating or acting as an agent of import &amp;amp; export business for grain products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Taizihu&amp;#8221;) (1)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 July 27
 2003&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
208
233&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;producing and selling fruit beverages and soybean products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Shanxi HuiChun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&amp;#8220;Huichun&amp;#8221;)(1)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 September 2
 2007&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;2
636
192&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;100&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;producing and selling fruit beverages and soybean products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jilin Jinglong Agriculture Development Limited (&amp;#8220;Jinglong&amp;#8221;)(2)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 October 10
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;3
152
138&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;99&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (Junda)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 13
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;14
637&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;Shareholding of Deyufarm (14.29%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consultancy Services Co.
 Ltd. (Longyue)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 2
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;4
393&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;Shareholding of Deyufarm (50%)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (Deyufarm)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 June 13
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;10
493
516&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Wholesale distribution of packaged food products and instant millet beverage. Holding company of the following two companies.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sichuan HaoLiangXin Instant Food Co.
 Ltd. (HaoLiangXin)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 April 25
 2008&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
202
460&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Manufacturing and wholesale distribution of instant grain vermicelli and buckwheat tea products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Beijing Xinggu Deyufarm Food Co.
 Ltd. (Xinggu Deyufarm)(3)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;The PRC
 November 25
 2010&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
515
152&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=color: black; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Variable interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Manufacturing of instant grain vermicelli products.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(1) Taizihu and Huichun became the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company on February 2
 2012 through a business acquisition. They are within consolidation scope since then.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(2) On October 10
 2012
 a subsidiary namely Jilin Jinglong Agriculture Development Limited (&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#8220;&lt;/font&gt;Jinglong&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#8221;&lt;/font&gt;) with registered capital of RMB 20 million Yuan
 was incorporated in Jilin Province
 one of the three provinces of Northeast China. Detian Yu
 one of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries and Feng Liu
 an unrelated third party hold 99% and 1% of its interests
 respectively. Jinglong is primarily engaged in procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;(3) Detian Yu terminated its control over the Junda
 Longyue
 Deyufarm
 Haoliangxin
 Xinggu Deyufarm
 (collectively
 the &amp;#8220;VIE Group&amp;#8221;) on December 20
 2011. The operation results of the VIE Group are included in the consolidated financial statements from January 1 to December 20



&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;15
276
475&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Cost of goods sold&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(12
256
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(8
251
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Interest income
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Other income
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;37
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Loss before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(5
188
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Income taxes benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
297
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new roman,times;; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(3
891
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; ; font-family: times new; font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 87%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Purchase price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5
502
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Allocation of the purchase price:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;28
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Restricted cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;240
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
373
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Advance to supplier&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;840
849&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;584
562&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5
891
772&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Construction-in-progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
673
997&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new size=2&gt;2
823
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;117
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Short-term loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(6
499
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(319
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Advance from customers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(225
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(528
144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Fair value of net assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;6
001
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Gain on bargain purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(499
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2011 and 2012
 nor is it indicative of future operating results.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;For&amp;#160;The&amp;#160;Years&amp;#160;Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Revenues&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;255
73&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;5
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;274
689
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;16
00&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;8
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;22
353
298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2.12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders per share - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1.82&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;33
99&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;36
167
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;(4
87&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;33
99&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;1
288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;36
167
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Raw materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;7
730
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;8
108
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Work in process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;73&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;21
7&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;61
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;12
109
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;7&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;56
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: black;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;94
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 9pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Total Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;30
322
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;20
314
090&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Deductible value-added taxes (VAT)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1
0&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;03
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;92
531&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepaid expenses for investor relations&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;163
443&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepaid rent&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;155
883&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;88
889&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepaid bank loan guarantee fee&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;83
899&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Prepaid advertisement&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46
376&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Prepaid other expenses&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;129
987&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;79
842&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;53
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;391
537&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%;&gt;Automobiles&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;010
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;896
648&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;16
53&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;9
593
679&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;67
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;408
203&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;7
4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;35
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
954
783&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;6&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;11
907&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;605
705&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Total cost&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;26
060
195&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;14
459
018&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(6
6&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;17
596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(2
103
072&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;19
442
599&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;12
355
946&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;13
158
508&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;9
808
497&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Software-ERP System and B2C platform&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
059
004&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;1
032
746&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(828
437&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(189
399&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;13
389
075&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;10
651


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;78
776&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Net deferred tax assets - noncurrent&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;648
759&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;727


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The People's Bank of China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6.00%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 14
 2012 with maturity date on August 13
 2013. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
407
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate
 based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The People's Bank of China.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6.0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from September 18
 2012 with maturity date on September 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
444
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
364
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
364
344&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Dah Sing Bank (China) Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.2%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from July 18
 2012 with maturity date on July 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr Tian Wenjun for a period of one year starting from July 18
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
284
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimen subbranch
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.20%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from January 11
 2012 with maturity date on January 10
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detain Yu and guaranteed by Beijing Agriculture Guarantee Ltd. for a period of one year starting from November 30
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;264
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The loan was paid off on January 10
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The bank loan of $160
511.00 (or RMB1
000
000.00) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 9%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from September 28
 2012 with maturity date on September 27
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr. Tian Wenjun for a period of one year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;On December 21
 2012 the loan was repaid for $40
128 (or RMB250
000.00)
 as of December 31
 2012
 the loan balance was $120
383 (or RMB750
000.00).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;120
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications Gongzhufen subbranch
 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from December 12
 2012 with maturity date on December 12
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detain Yu.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;14
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Loan payable to Hangzhou TianCi Investment Management Co.
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Ltd.
 an unrelated party. The loan was unsecured
 bearing no interest and no due date was specified. The loan was obtained by Jiruhai.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;58
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;58
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimen subbranch
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as o&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;f December 31
 2011 was 7.8720%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from November 30
 2011 with maturity date on November 29
 2012. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by China Agriculture Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd. for a period of one year starting from November 30
 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The loan was paid off on November 29
2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
121
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 8
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Deyu and guaranteed by Jinzhong Juntai Automotive Parts Manufacturing Co.
 Ltd.
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 20
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
588
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 9
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 21
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
350
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The term of the loan started from August 9
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The loan was paid off on August 20
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
350
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=background-color: #ccffcc; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 30% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 8.5280%. &lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;The term of the loan started from May 10
 2011with maturity date on May 9
 2012. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Zhongyuan Guoxin Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd.
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Wenjun Tian and Jianming Hao for a period of one year starting from May 10
 2011. The loan was paid off on May 9
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;7
944
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8
323
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;14
413
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Bank notes payable to Jinzhong Haida Nongyi Trading Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;issued by Bank of Communication at Beijing Dongzhi&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;men branch
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;bearing no interest and no finance charge.This note is&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;for August 17
 2011 through February 17
 2012.The note was&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;obtained and issued by Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 74%;&gt;The note was paid off on March 7
 2012.&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;1
588
840&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
588
840&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accrued VAT and other taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;4&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;28
552&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;412
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Accrued payroll&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;288
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;266
983&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Others&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;789
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;469
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;506
776&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td
 style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
149
205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2012 and 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Current income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;8&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;86
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total current expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;8&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;b&gt;86
768&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;PRC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;878
74&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(1
112
658&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income tax expense attributable to discontinued operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
297
042&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income tax expense attributable to continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
765
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new; size=2&gt;184
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2012 and 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;For the Years Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Expected U.S. income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;34.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Tax-exempt income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-33.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-39.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Foreign tax differential&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-0.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;5.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Intercompany elimination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Income tax expense attributable to continuing operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


 2012 and 2011 are presented in the following table:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Net operating loss carryforwards (NOL)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;3
430
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
255
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;391
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;351
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Deferred tax assets acquired in business combination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;88
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;3
909
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;2
606
568&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(3
909
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(1
813
056&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Total deferred tax assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;793
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Amounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(Numerator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;(Denominator)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2012:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; width: 61%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
00&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;8
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
598
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;446
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
015
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
45&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;5
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
614
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
00&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;8
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
598
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;446
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
015
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;16
45&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;5
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
614
108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the year ended December 31
 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;20
126
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
522
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.91&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;427
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
974
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income from continuing operations attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;20
553
934&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
497
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.64&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;17
335
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;10
522
432&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Preferred dividends applicable to convertible preferred stocks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;427
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
974
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Net income attributable to common stockholders - diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;17
763
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;12
497
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1.42&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


248
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
039
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;11
288
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;
 size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Gross proceeds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9
810
227&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;995
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;10
805
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Direct financing costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(1
581
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(161
443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;(1
742
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;Fair value of placement agent warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;187
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;187
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;8
228
677&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;1
021
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times; size=2&gt;9
250


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;May 10
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Level&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 46%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Indexed common shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;1
866
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;589
689&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Components of fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Common stock equivalent value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;6
631
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2
083
094&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Dividend feature&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;659
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;209
439&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;7
291
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2
292
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Significant assumptions:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Common stock price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;3.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;3.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Horizon for dividend cash flow projection&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;2.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;Weighted average cost of capital (WACC)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman,times&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font size=2


 2010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap&gt;May 10
 2010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Fair Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Hierarchy&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Investor&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Agent&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Investor&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Agent&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Level&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 35%;&gt;Indexed shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;746
479&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;130
632&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;235
883&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;41


 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=9 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Outstanding Warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Average Remaining Contractual Life&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 31%;&gt;5.06&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 31%;&gt;982
362&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; width: 32%;&gt;2.32 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;4.84&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;171
911&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;2.32 years&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
154
273&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Number of Warrants&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 67%;&gt;Outstanding as of January 1
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 30%;&gt;1
154
273&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Outstanding as of December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
154


 2010:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable&amp;#160;Period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/8/2010&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/8/2011&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/8/2012&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 46%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;1.12&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;1.27&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;1.46&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Lives (years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.04&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Volatility (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46.10&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;44.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43.04&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.00-55.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.00-55.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0.00-55.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend Yield (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Options granted on December 15
 2010:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable&amp;#160;Period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;1/15/2011&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;12/15/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/15/2011&amp;#160;- 12/15/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/15/2012&amp;#160;- 12/15/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 46%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;2.15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;2.32&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;2.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Lives (years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td
 style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.04&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.50&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;6.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Volatility (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;46.15&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;44.52&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;43.09&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend Yield (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Options granted on March 8
 2012:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable&amp;#160;Period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;09/08/2012&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;03/08/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;03/08/2013&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;03/08/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;0.94&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;1.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Lives (years)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.25&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;5.49&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected Volatility (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;45.91&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;45.22&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Expected forfeitures per year (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Dividend Yield (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;0.00&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Options granted on November 23
 2012:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercisable&amp;#160;Period&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;12/23/2012&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/23/2013&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;11/23/2014&amp;#160;-&amp;#160;11/8/2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 46%;&gt;Risk-free Rate (%)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td


 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Remaining&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Aggregate&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Exercise&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Contractual&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Intrinsic&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Term&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 40%;&gt;Outstanding as of January 1
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;815
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;4.40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 12%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;570
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2.23&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align:
 left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(261
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;4.40&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Outstanding as of December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
124
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;3.30&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4.26 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
233
801&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Exercisable as of December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;814
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;3.64&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;4.10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
101
827&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Vested and expected to vest (1)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;1
124


 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Weighted-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Average&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Grant-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Date Fair&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;Unvested Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Shares&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 64%;&gt;Unvested as of January 1
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;271
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 15%;&gt;487
813&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;570
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;256
824&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;Vested&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(444
667&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;(450
864&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(87
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;(161
799&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Unvested as of December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;310
000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;131


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: #333333; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; color: #333333; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: #333333;&gt;Sales to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: #333333;&gt;24
650&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: #333333;&gt;3
250
946&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Sales to Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;8
427&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;21
471&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sales to Tieling Zhongnong Agriculture Technology Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;1
114
581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;Sales to Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
Ltd&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;663&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;3


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Feng Liu&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: black;&gt;315
369&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;43
182&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;24
666&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Hao He&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;34
330&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due form Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: black;&gt;4
333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;3
537&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;468
976&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;Due from Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; color: #333333;&gt;89
929&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; color: #333333;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;397
214&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; color: #333333; font-weight: bold;&gt;587


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; font-weight: bold; colspan=2&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 74%;&gt;Due to Dongsheng International Investment Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;6
007
929&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; width: 10%;&gt;2
899
633&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Due to Mr. Wenjun Tian&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
660
623&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;2
542
144&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Due to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;265
291&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: white; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;Due to Deyufarm Innovation Food(Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;3
338&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=background-color: #ccffcc; vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;8
933
843&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left; font-weight: bold;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right; font-weight: bold;&gt;5
445


&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the year ended&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Corn&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Grain&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Bulk Trading&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Division&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Division&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Division&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35%; text-align: left;&gt;Revenues from external customers&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;151
047
762&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;73
81&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;1
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;29
187
322&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;254
04&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;6
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Intersegment revenues&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;61
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;61
720&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Interest revenue&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;17
224&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;11
799&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;8
803&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;37
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(610
087&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(607
362&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(259
855&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(1
477
304&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net interest (expense) income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(592
863&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(595
563&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(251
052&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;20&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(1
439
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(577
814&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(1
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;691
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(364&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;27
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(2
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;297
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Noncontrolling interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;46
599&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;46
599&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Segment net profit (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;10
1&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;49
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;9
&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;611
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;2&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;6
505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(3
3&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;78
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;16
40&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;8
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: times new roman,times;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;For the year ended&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Corn&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Grain&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Bulk Trading&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap&gt;December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Division&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Division&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Division&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Others&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 35%; text-align: left;&gt;Revenues from external customers&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;177
723
149&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;40
507
527&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;43
345
990&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;261
576
666&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Intersegment revenues&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Interest revenue&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;33
733&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;3
867&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;4
469&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;90&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;42
159&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Interest expense&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(608
337&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(119
835&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(77
429&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(805
601&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Net interest (expense) income&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(574
604&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(115
968&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(72
960&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;90&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(763
442&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;479
538&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;475
854&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;92&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;23
813&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;979
297&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Noncontrolling interest&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;38
673&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;38
673&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;Segment net profit (loss)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;19
388
742&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;2
500
612&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;2
964
146&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;(4
338
239&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;20
515
261&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/table&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt; nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=6&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Corn Division :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 74%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Chongqin Sanwang Feed Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 10%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Meishan Wens' Rear Lifestock Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Chengdu Zhengda Co. Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;5.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Top Three Customers as % of Total Gross Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;14.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;6.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Grain Division :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;23.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; color: black;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;0&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Beijing Suning Appliance Company Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;22.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Doukounianhua Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Top Three Customers as % of Total Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;48.&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Bulk Trading Division :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Zhengda Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;27.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Guchuan Food Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;23.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Shanxi Helifeihua Trading Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;8&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Top Three Customers as % of Total Gross Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;58.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;17&lt;font style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;table style=font: 10pt times new roman, times, serif; width: 45%; border-collapse: collapse; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;As of December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; nowrap=nowrap colspan=2&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 80%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;322
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;298
663&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;184
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;168
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;168
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;1
476
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #ccffcc;&gt;
&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; border-bottom: black 2.5pt double; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;2
620
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:times new roman,times size=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































000 plus the issuance of 60


































 2012
 a subsidiary namely Jilin Jinglong Agriculture Development Limited (Jinglong) with registered capital of RMB 20 million Yuan
 was incorporated in Jilin Province
 one of the three provinces of Northeast China. Detian Yu
 one of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries and Fen Liu
 an unrelated third party hold 99% and 1% of its interests
 respectively. Jinglong is primarily engaged in procurement





 Longyue
 Deyufarm
 Haoliangxin
 Xinggu Deyufarm
 (collectively
 the &#8220;VIE Group&#8221;) on December 20
 2011. The operation results of the VIE Group are included in the consolidated financial statements from January 1 to December 20
 2011.









































































	


	

	

	

	

	

	













 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26

























































































 PLANT

















































































































































 PLANT























































































































































 PLANT







 PLANT

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26













































































































































































































































































 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26










































































































 Net



















































 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment


 for rental to others
 or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures













































 Current























 Current

































 Value


 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
039
970 and 1
997
467 shares outstanding




 Value


 $.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 10
658
266 and 10
564
774 shares outstanding


 Value
 Issued


 Value
 Issued


 Value
 Issued

















 Net of Tax


 Net of Tax

































































 Shares Outstanding


 Shares Outstanding


















 Shares




 Shares
 Outstanding


 Shares
 Outstanding








 Goods






























































 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items





















 Net Of Tax
























 Net Of Tax
































 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment
 Net Of Tax





 Net Of Tax






 Net Of Tax






 Net Of Tax





















 net of income tax







 net of income taxes








































































































 Value
 Conversion Of Convertible Securities





 Shares





 Value










 Share-Based Compensation





 Value





 Shares





 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment















































 excessive quantities based on expected sales
 technological obsolescence




























 Bargain Purchase
 Gain Recognized


































































































































 not to be sold




























































































































 plant








































 Including Discontinued Operations


 Including Discontinued Operations
















 Notes


 Notes












 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid
























 physical assets excluding construction in progress that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures





















 Noncurrent


 Noncurrent










































































































































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment
















 Finite-Lived


 Finite-Lived

































































 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property




 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement


 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement














 Notes


 Notes










 Capitalized
 Prepaid


 Capitalized
 Prepaid





































































 Stock Options


 Stock Options










































































































































 Registered Capital
























































































































































 Noncash Financial Or Equity Instrument Consideration


 Noncash Financial or Equity Instrument Consideration










 Qualitative Or Quantitative Information


 Qualitative or Quantitative Information




 Cost Of Acquired Entity


 Cost of Acquired Entity



































 Cost Of Acquired Entity


 Cost of Acquired Entity


























































 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment

































 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment






































 Including Discontinued Operations


 Including Discontinued Operations






















 Trust Account


 Trust Account


 Trust Account









 Including Discontinued Operation





 Including Discontinued Operation







 general


 general
 and administrative expenses attributable to the disposal group


 general



















 Income (Loss) From Discontinued Operation





















 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Assets











 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Assets


















 Purchase Price Allocation
 Property


 plant
 and equipment










 Purchase Price Allocation








 Purchase Price Allocation












 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Liabilities














 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Liabilities







 Purchase Price Allocation
 Assets Acquired (Liabilities Assumed)



















 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share





 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share

















 Gross










































































































 Plant and Equipment






 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant






 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




















































































 timberland



 as of the balance sheet date

























































 Interest Rate


 Interest Rate






















 Ltd. issued by Bank of Communication at Beijing Dongzhimen branch
 bearing no interest and no finance charge.This note is for August 17
 2011 through February 17
 2012.The note was obtained and issued by Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.The note was paid off on March 7




















































 Continuing Operations


















































 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits


































































 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding from continuing operations
















































 Owned







































 Inputs





































































 Measurements


 Measurements




 Inputs


















 Fair Value Assumptions






 Fair Value Assumptions






 Fair Value Assumptions















































































 Shares


 Shares













 net of income taxes




 Shares






 Shares
 Issued




 Dividend Rate


 Dividend Rate

























































































































































































 2010 Through November




 2011 Through November




 2012 Through November




 2011 Through December




 2011 Through December




 2012 Through December




 2012 Through March







 2012 Through November




 2013 Through November




 2014 Through November




 Fair Value Assumptions






















 Fair Value Assumptions





 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of January 1


 Outstanding as of December 31




 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options






 Options








 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected To Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding


 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of January 1


 Outstanding as of December 31




 Options
 Grants In Period






 Options
 Exercises In Period






 Options
 Forfeitures In Period




 Exercisable as of Mar 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected To Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of December 31


 Outstanding as of Mar 31


 Outstanding as of Mar 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Options
 Vested and Expected To Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding


 Outstanding as of December 31




 Options
 Exercisable


 Exercisable as of December 31




 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Unvested as of January 1


 Unvested as of December 31




 Equity Instruments Other Than Options






 Equity Instruments Other Than Options








 Equity Instruments Other Than Options









 Unvested as of January 1


 Unvested as of January 1


 Unvested as of December 31














 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments








































































 Options
 Grants In Period


 Options
 Grants in Period






























































































































































 Goods













 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments Due





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments





 Future Minimum Payments



















 Damages Sought


 Damages Sought




































 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26


 March 26





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 tp7.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

&-0TY\<^+
M?&7BC2-&@N[C7_'NHMJ6DVD/@]FU?39K31=AT[69W@E\W6((QLE`/WUHK\`

_A9\$


M/J-UX1UF30?$USHEOK


MMM-;9MA-+\$?LP_MG_&__@H1^T'^U'IOP-U_PS\)_P!FG]E7XHW?P1@\47&@


M-45^'W[;/[?7[4'[!_PP@T?QUHWPJ^)'QS^/?[4?@[]GS]D:72-.U+PKX9U7


=\3O\`@J5^










7F'_!2[]M;]NK_@G_
_\`!5_Q[XE_X*[?L@?L



EK=2*&4@@X(-?B)_P3Y_X)U_M2?\$D]*^*GP'_9CM?AM\?\`

MM-DC&A3V[PW%O



G[4W_!



M2OQ^^`G[#G[3W_!/G]H']J#Q-^R;I'PU^




M\B/VX/VOBU^WQ\`/A__`,)YXC\#_S]I3X)?&?PK\?_`(':GX8L9O$OACPA

M$?MM_M

M/C!:_`/6OBA^R'^TA\-_C#\2?%-EXVU:ST?XDZ+\
UFL+:*WTG_A%)$L-7\3

M69+P1L\QGY\_:[_`&-OVP?^B?P;^$W[





N-.\6?%[X4?$?Q?J/@





M9/A9\4OC#JDGC#4XOGB*;X:V-W97?\`8)'AIY0WBI[@W4EO/$TOS&@WWH7

MX

MA;/)*3LMI9P@#LK+YA_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA0!^HU%?ES_PIK]M[_H_
M2Z_\
-X(_P#EA1_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA0!^HU%?ES_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
M
-X(_P#EA1_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA0!^HU%?ES_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(
M_P#EA1_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA0!^HU%?ES_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#E
MA1_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA0!^HU%?ES_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA1_P
MIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA0!^HU%?ES_PIK]M[_H_2Z_\
-X(_P#EA6?\)_%/
M[3_PT_;.^%7P6^*GQ_A^-?@?XH_!'XT^-Y(+CX=Z#X-O=#U[X;^)?A5INFR6
MMSH]Q
]S#=6OC?4%N(YCMW10E0#D`_5:BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB


\VJW*W$L:?7'[=&





M9/J=IXHT'PUX0TB&Y74(X=
2)UBA`/3/AM^VQX



MT_2[V31[EKK0Y9K&QNX[02V\+K!;?L7?LV6K7;P_#.V5;W6/#NO2Q'6?$+6L


O+JZU

MFH?$'P??ZUH5EJ49;3K;QSINL:MX0?4;9[73KB+5[71?(MY+R!K5O^S=^RSJ



M

MXU'[98\[XL_;&\(_#4]'^)7_BO6O`_B'PEX&^(GBCP#IFG6GAK2O&OCG3
M;C4_&E'2-8\2R:W;2^($?0K.'R1J5A:W_B/3UGU);6#4KFQ^@O'OP8^'/Q)

MV3:KHKW;Z9J36=J;VUF



MH4RW$\LK8RSD\T`?J=1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?GE^VO\`

M=ZGJEW!86%J)?V9?CM#&;B[N7B@A#RND:&210SNJ#+
`?9/^%T?![_HJOPZ_





MJVK/::A?RZ9%9Q?IG_PNGX/XQ_PM;X=XSG'_``F?A_&?7']H=:!\:?@^
X^*


07.H2IN


<0&;RI/*$A4OL?;G:<`'ZNT444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1



+:*\\*^);GP3\/X=$\0V

MP#Y2


M&6W^`?['
$WPZ3Q-XE^$GP.U?X:^




MC&1:K`BLTQE*B

;'4EEN/%$9?5M-6]BM_M4?DW@S6/VO?
M!_PYMO$-GK'Q3F\0^




?C-\6/B'XP\4W.KWFJ
M_!G.O:3I]W.F@:3X5M-;^+=IJ4UOI7AX6^IZQ;1PSFVU;4M3E


M;NR^



WA#]GCQ/\./$


M31LVS_P\2^)/_2.S]L[_`



MW6A7OVA;9[-/2O'_`.T/^U%J'QL^)/A7P9\49?#4GA^V\6+X
T?Q!X;@M_!'



M_:PZ_P#8Y_LZT`?IQ1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?GE^VO_R6
MW_@G?_V=+XO_`/68/CS7T[7S%^VO_P`EM_X)W_\`9TOB_P#]9@^/-?3P5CT!






M:2


M````````!P``.``.`!P!TKXX\1?\I)OV4O\`LV/]K#_U
_V=*^R
'ICGTKXW
M\1?\I)OV4O\`LV/]K#_U
_V=*`/TXHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`





Y#I

`'
L/CA\&?#<=UI%O
MHOCS7_





M;CTUQ%$TTLK_`+/7@.279;H[A@YG

?BEXBT7

2WS'(!^;_P`+?VX?B?\`
M#?2-5\-?;8O&^JR_M




]-B:U:Y@MX[[]$#^R7^VB6#']M_22P9G#']GCP`6#NZR.X8SY
M#O(JR
V=S2*KDEP&G]DG]LXJ4/[;NCE$!0_L[_``_*$1

LFCZUK&L_LTWV



M-S;6EDDD


M


=M);8/V



M7.L:-\








(


M&2!`






Z+):/=:]






M7




M^&E_I][XCFT%M%MOBSXETCPO%KEK/%HVKC5)]%O=9M9FTV2.P2[MDG87L+HJ



M$:EI]]JK).196M]8$7=I-/LCN(#YD3

0LWV;48;
M'4;*XEMI




'QYKZ=KYB_;6_Y+;_`
$[_P#LZ7Q=_PL
MP?'FOI[!]#^1H`\.^+OP*T/XP^(?A+XCUCQ/XJTY^#WBW6_&?A^U\.RZ-'9
MZGJ^N^!_$WP^N1K:ZGI&I3S6\'A_Q;K26T=E/9%;FX2:5I#%&!\NZ?\`\$U?


MP:[X1^(.N:;K#M

MF
4H!PVD_L2_#W2=#\(^&7^


3!/$?C?

M/:+J-X-

M0+70K^ZDN(FMH]6L]'\\^090WZ/4C*K@JZJRGJK`



M%M;VL

:A$BB1`%CC155510%```&`*`/YV?AAK7[










MKVDZGHFHK

M`_!&Q_:)_;5UKPAJ?QQ^'6I_$GQYIUAXT^.WC)?#R_#JVU'PE/\`!VPM]5^'







M-&X22
J\9*
R[D96`)P10!\-?LS7_C/QU^T1^U1\3[B]O#\+8+_P'\(/`$4T



M:0


HM-+F9K&\


O%\\ZZ5JFHPBN_HN7NM/NX[:UTA6

M@;GPY]E6S70?[776RHUO[3_9TE__`
4\L:P&_&J_O6M%TW_3JJ0^-/$4MC?7




MN3_Q;WQ2







XY'TS0[]K5[SPD9H[K5K^6TOM)8KXC:(

M:7@!UL-Y&LR`6]@I431RD&]CM8LR``[NBO*W^('BE9YHE^$/CITB\)IXB2X6





5?\%'NW_!0+P`.W



=G\2/$








M?A





M/&*32Z=HMZ]BUWX4^TPW.J7S6E[IDC+XA-N;S0H%&H:DZ3-:R6K!=/N+RYS`





_$*Z9I]\OPU\6R7-YX8U/7KC2ENOXO=-U.Q-H+;PI=NVOT?6M5

MGDM)M&74Y-851K9G%A;7A.ARHT(O3J*F2*UDL
7AJKXT\0M8QW9^&GBY)WTN



8O$
D9NO!UO&NIZ\T3R6T]I
B:+/JET'MU`/1

MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HKX\_:V_:&^)/P-E^!?AOX2?#?PG\2O'GQT^*MW\-=&T_QOXYU'X?\`AK2%


M`]QIVH65[$'M[F)VR?B)^VQ^V7\*;^VTWQY\?V3]N+OPOXH\8Q/+^TO\5)
M[5=!\'KI[:[=37=M^S/+;02VXU2R\BTED2ZO3*1:13%'V@'ZZT5^.GP@_;P_

M](U/^R=1^RZCIPN;23[)-B7Y:]L'QM_X*(LRJO[-O[)3
X!15_:J^(3
X(W`
MHH_9R+


MTL%_-;S(ZKP/_!

O$GC7Q)XQU+]








M^!5^(GPM^)'Q'\+^*?AA\8O$/Q%`?X;:YX#T?4](UC3-?^%_@(V8O%\=6EQ:

Q]U\(?\%+/'OB73_%,NG?`!/$4_AGX3?M?$&QAT'QNMYJOBJ[^WQ#
M7P%X1@L=,3P^JIIGQC2WU36_NI6]Q=973+RVL[;48A#=2@'Z]45^#GQ&_;Q




L20Z


M;-0N)X;TQ/;^ZZG^U5KFI^
_C%X7^%?PYMO'5C\#M;TWP;XTU:]\7V/AQX_&





MQVOQK^
=O\
O@_ICZK'X0EMHK_QOI9OO$%NEQY!LKRR?3+H);^;J40!^R%%?


M'EUS
M4;W2=)M[OQ)I-SI27-]J.G66HWUK#;BY:;S+6SFFW(H0*3O')_MK_P#);?\`
M@G?_`-G2^+__`%F#X\UM?'SXMWGPVG^#?A?1UCC\0_&WXOZ%\+-'U=$D@TB



M5YX8TCX=:3K_`



/#GACX2?%2ZOO#&J_$_2K.ZNM



MEG
CW
)BBG^?'P$W[)G[6JV'AQM9@^&/C=XM6LO#'Q1\-W?QG^('AW0OC+X.




.]?









MKOAZQU#491:0A8;;?=32-Y$*K'%G8BA0`/EWX\_&KX2?`G_@H%^R;XO^
GQ$



MR%J
7[



/6O^;W_1ZG[/G_AP=)_\`CE'_``]:_P";W_1ZG[/G_AP
M=)_^.4`?8?A#X6^`_`/A?4/!G@_P[9Z!X:U2^U[5+_2M/\RWN-2\47MUJ7B

K-+*['G/#7[/OP:\'CP4/#/P\\-Z
?AU


!OA]KTMQXELKSQ$W@Z/5&E\(_$KQ7I_B

[ECSO\`P]:_X)O?]'J?L^?^
M'!TG_P.4?\`#UK_`()O?]'J?L^?^'!TG_XY0!]`3?LK_`&^@T-=6^%_A35[
MO0KN74K;4M1TY+W4KC4;K0H_#=[=ZAJ%V9KW4I+S18H=/G^WW%R9;:WCD+
M

MPYJ$T]YI4;

MX)O?]'J?L^?^'!TG_P.4`?0*?LK?L]Q7V@:G!\*O=OJ'AC7/&_B+1;VWTZ


I^SY_P'!TG_`..4`?H'17Y]G_@JW_P3<4%F_;5_9[50
EF^

MG]@?_H[3X)?^%G8?XT?\/*?V!_\`H[3X)?\`A9V'^-`'V_17Q!_P\I_8'_Z.
MT^7_A9V'^-'_#RG]@?_`*.T^7_`(6=A_C0!]OT5\0?\/*?V!_^CM/@E_X6

M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?GE^VO_P`E







.IRWOAG7O

EL=!?V7?A]I/AKQ;I'@J]\2^!]?\`&L'B

M`(AYAX+T27PY^U/\/]


&9T6\BAN$
M^P-C_P!UO^^3_A1L?^ZW_?)_PH`\O^$WPD\*_!?PEIW@CP9/X@;PYH^FZ#I&

MG^(?A;PSXM_X*

MY%-&DPCDDC$BJ'.Z@X8@_=&Q_[K?]\G_OC;Q&/^DW[*0((/_``S'^UAU
_LI_]&Y?!;_PW'A7_P5E?1]%`'SA_PQ[^RG_P!&Y?!;
M_P`-QX5_^5E'_#'O[*?_`$;E\%O_``W'A7_Y65]'T4`?.'_#'O[*?_1N7P6_

M``W'A7_Y64?\



MQX5_^5E'_#'O[*?_`$;E\%O_``W'A7_Y65]'T4`?.'_#'O[*?_1N7P6_\-QX


A4?\*.^#/_`$2KX??^$CH?_P`A5ZG10!Y9
M_P`*.^#/_1*OA]_X2.A__(5'_CO@S_T2KX??^$CH?\`\A5ZG10!Y9_PH[X,
M_P#1*OA]_P$CH?_`



MA_Z+?^V/_P)9?&__P;&C_AV%\(?^BW_MC_`/B67QO_`/FQK]):*`/S:_X=


KX2VUC?7
?QO_`&Q_
@L[F9
_

:`



MH=K?.V%X//!IR?\`!
;X.R*CQ_'+]L1UD4.C)^UK\;F5T.&0KXQ(92



M_B67QO\`_FQKTOX)?L%?!OX&?%.V^


M`+-X^*7_`*BFHU]7^!_^1+\(?]BOX?\`_33:4`=11110`4444`%?GC\0?^4H
M/[
W_9HO[4/_`*L7]GJOT.K\\?B#_P`I0?V9O^S1?VH?_5B_L]4`?H=1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`'E_P`5_C9\(?@3H%IXJ^


M'@_4M#\5+X2AA

-/CTO3

M]^P-_P!'B?LZ_P#AUO/_P`LZ^%]\;_`/!




_;[_`&5_




MU?Q)\%9/CKJO@WQ!X&UFZUKPOX


MNQU'PQXETMX;SQ9/XCL=%O-
=?#%W#J=KJ6H^%M9L=.U%Y+/0;J6QND.LQ2)






$






&M*E:`B35IF@<'46620'G]'


M!'A3Q;\0-


M(*5V?$7_`DF_92_[-C_`&L/_4S_`&=*`/TXHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`^*/^D7_)@O[8?_`&;Q\4O_`%%-1KZO
M\#_\B7X0_PQ7\/_`/IIM*^4/^D7_)@O[8?_9O'Q2_]134:^K_`_P#R)?A#
M_L5_#_\`Z:;2@#J****`BBB@`K\\?B#_P`I0?V9O^S1?VH?_5B_L]5^AU?G
MC\0?^4H/[
W_`&:+^U#_`.K%_9ZH`_0ZBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/SR_;7_Y+
M;_P3O_[.E\7_`/K







M%[2OC5\



Q;PQJ.BVFJMXK&IV-\C6^FFYO+7,N?@]^S
M%<?`3X4_L^_\+D^'0\*?#2\^',M_=/J_@:2Z\=V'PX2VCL=.\31&86[IJR6=
MLFHSVR12J@D%H;?<NRCX/^$'P*^'&J_#GQ!X$_:8\.66M_+3/&W@SX?S:]X
MF\':[9V/PG\=ZII&K7WPPUB$7MG=ZKHOA^ZT'1SX4U(7UKKFG+IEI#?ZAJ4#

WAG


I_CUX4^+NO?'#X?ZI'\.OA-XJ^&_AFXN?&WA?\`M?6KKXB^



M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'Q1_P4B_Y
%_;#_[-X^*7


K*^U**`/BO



^

M9+



'C+P1HFD
M:V?%



\9QQW223:A)+]7_`O5_BW\&?B-\%_`NI?#SQQ
MXY\

O?#7ACQ!-INHZ%8^!O!5U/J.HW5]+I




MFN+6VFEMS)Y3RP0NREHU(^A:*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#XH_X*1?\F_MA_\`9O'Q2_\`44U&OJ_P/_R)?A#_
M`+%?P_\`^FFTKY0_X*1?\F_MA_]F\?%+_U%-1KZO\#_`/(E^$/^Q7\/_P#I





M%I?#WP?^`?P=DED^%LOV6]T;X&S?$QX=6BCA\9PZCH^M:]'\086?4=)U.TN;

`Z#_AXE\2?^D=O[9W_`(!?!7_Y[E)_P\0^)!()_P=?[9I(S@
M_8?@ID9ZX/\`PMS(SWQ7V=D^I_
T9/J?S-`'QE_P\2^)/_2.W]L[_P``O@K_


^R]M[:*6.9S'*S1LM?163ZG\S7QMXB


MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`^*/^D7_)@O[8?_9O'Q2_]134:^K_`_P#R
M)?A#_L5_#_\`Z:;2OE#_`(*1?\F_MA_]F\?%+_U%-1KZO\``_\`R)?A#_L5
M_#__`*:;2@#J****`BBB@`K\\?B#_RE!_9F_PS1?VH?_5B_L]5^AU?GC\0
M?^4H/[,W_9HO[4/_`*L7]GJ@#]#J***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`_/+]M?_DMO_!.
M_P#[.E\7_P#K
'QYKZ=KYB_;7_Y+;_P3O_[.E\7_`/K
'QYKZ=H`*_%W]LCX

MZ;XDN_$&AV4

/#-G<Z7XHL-`\6V
&NZ)9F]AD
$%]I$][!-%
(=4TT&$1

U80G2I
)[FR\4W]SJJZM\8/%_P`2/!<W
MAWPY8Q:`8M2N-#U/P+#.%FGM[BX2^%JUO'*Z
OZ
ZU9_#CP]JFEVVL:)X=L=


M;+';Z?JEQ





4GMFG_`!&\+ZG\2/%7PIM+N9_&7@WPIX1\::[8M;R)#;Z%XWU#Q/IG

M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!\4?\%(O^3!?VP_\`LWCXI?\`J*:C7U?X
M'_Y$OPA_V*_A_P#]--I7RA_P4B_Y
%_;#_[-X^*7_J*:C7U?X'_Y$OPA_P!B
MOX?_`/33:4`=11110`4444`%?GC\0?\`E*#^S-_V:+^U#_ZL7]GJOT.K\\?B
M#_RE!_9F_PS1?VH?_5B_L]4`?H=1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'YY?MK_\`);?^
M=__`&=+XO\`_68/CS7T[7S%^VO_`
EM_P=_\`V=+XO_\`68/CS7T[0!^5





MM(^





K23P?\4_#GB[7-+U'X




GA_P

ML@6TTZXO(T@KOOV1OAS^TM\//B9XL\8?&3X?:QJ6N^)_AE\'_AKXJ\9W'Q(T



M2;RI8Y%9.?GS_AB?]J/_`*2/_'7_`
-?^SO_`/.LK]
:*`/S._X8G_:C_PD
MC_QU_P##7_L[_P#SK*/^&)_VH_\`I(_\=?\`PU_[._\`\ZROTQHH`_,[_AB?
M]J/_`*2/_'7_`,-?^SO_`/.LKS3Q;_P33^//B[Q1HWC._P#^B'QS/B?1_#'


!C_JQ\9_\`(G^+/^Q:






M@IQ_T5W]DK_PSOQ#_P#GHT?\(O\`\%./^BN_LE?^&=^(?_ST:_00RQJZQM(@
M=E+*A=0[*N-S*I.2JY&2`0





Q\6?_`)ZU'_*_P#!:;_HL7[!?_AF
M/BS_`//6K]9**`/R;_X17_@M-_T6+]@O_P`,Q\6?_GK4?\(K_P`%IO\`HL7[
M!?\`X9CXL_\`SUJ_62B@#\F_^$5_X+3?]%B_8+_\,Q\6?_GK4?\`*_\%IO^


;S))[`4`?_V;_@XQ_ZG_!+G_P5?'G_P65'V;_@XQ_P@I_P2Y_\`

WVB#:D@





M!5+_`*+=^QY_X8OXC_\`SX*/^$0_X*I?]%N_8\_\

M``B'_!5+_HMW['G_`(8OXC__`#X*/^$0_PJ7_1;OV//_#%_$?_`.?!7Z.T
M4`?G%_PB'_!5+_HMW['G_AB_B/\`_/@JEJ?A[_@J?IFFZAJ4GQK_`&/I(]/L



MJ_/'X@_\I0?V9O\`LT7]J'_U8O[/5`'Z'4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?GS\/








M@%0Z;@=C`$@
N`2,X)H`D_3_/M1110`U_N-_NM_(U^?O_!-/_DWGQA_V=1^
MV)_ZTS\3Z_0)_N-_NM_(U^?O_!-/_DWGQA_V=1^V)_ZTS\3Z`/T$HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`K\ROV:`3\`_VP0LE[$Q^.?[2H6339;N#4$8Z[JP5K*:P9+V.Y#8
M+VK+.LFTQ$/@U^FM?!W[!:AOOQ^5U#*W[4OQS!5@&!\8WG!!X(/OP:`/SR
PM]/$?]$HC0;<(@V#84#8


M\F+[1L\OS_+3SO+SG9YN-^S/.W=MSSBI:`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#\\?^
Y!


Z2
M31S012)+)'MV22(Z


H)`!).`.23
MT`]3156^4-97BLK.K6MPK(JLS
#$X*JJ_
S
#@*OS$G`Y(H`/MUELAD^V6OE




M3D^+NBC]FI;5WF%G=WEM\.5O(O!*QSA(M.-SYH@GDD2NVT+X(?'#Q)\1?%'C





MOZQ8WOC'6]4OM5B\7ZPWBSQ1IFHR9U&UM)M+OA_8\.L#0[1)]'TO1=;T:#2+

M_H]V\IL;^X-J\=]&(K@1RO'





M3M6_\-[X_P#_`)G*_!/X8_%RY\
?\%G/BS^TKKG[8?Q&O/V-]9^&N@ZGHN@R
M^%O&+OKNO^;XB@TGX4ZI:KX62_E\.^!]6UOQ5XLL73RHH$UG1[(RW(6=5_8Z




MANX(M9N8M5@NM(NK:&UDO3:1@'OO_#T7]BW_`**=JW_AO?'_`/\`
Y1_P]%_

M%\/:CXBT3Q'I/BS5VU?2M/U_5=



ZL\4$43
H^$VM$*61%)`/(!XSS7ZN4`-?[C?[
MK?R-?G[_`
$T_P#DWGQA_P!G4?MB?^M
_$^OT?[C?[K?R-?G[_P33_Y-Y\8
M?]G4?MB?^M,_$^@#]!*Y3QUXX\+?#3P9XH^(7CC6+7P]X.\%Z%J?B7Q/KM\Q
M6STC0]'M9+W4M0N64,PAM;6&2:0JI.U3@$\5U=?%'_!2(`_L?MA@C(/[/'Q


`!:6^`
M!IMM@?ZNMO['9_\`/G9_^`EO_P#&Z`/G'_AZ+^Q;_P!%.U;_`


M

MO@#\)_C#\?/!MG+KOC/X8?%+Q]JOA3X2^`K9+6_B\&?&OP]\*+)M#O\`Q)XX

/B
M31;G6-'U'3;?6-





$$._P#8P^.A?R88XMQ'Q.^$`&[RU7./

96NT
MN+P*+*2_I7_!0'X4ZTOC=M





M8P6MSJNIW?\`PC
?VB]OIHWN;B;RTWR2



MIKFDZO;2Z;`MY/?PE)[*^N()$CGE\\^'_P#P4


SW4\4*%@7=1S7B6D?\`

MUUZYNX









M_&Z/L=G_`



M.6%[W2M0L=0M[6]LKN%)H)7@N((V

'G^:L%

M\/1?V+?^BG:M_P&]\?_`/S.4?\`#T7]BW_HIVK?^&]\?_\`S.5]'?8[/_GS
ML_\`P$M__C='V.S_`.?.S_\``2W_`/C=`'X2?\%D?VK?AM^U7^P9\8?AE^RS
M^T7XQ\$_&2329[_0K#2_!GCFQLO'^F_9+FR\0^`=;\_PK-'/9^(=$O+ZTC+




MH88XBP7QI^SL5#&-5W!2S8SG&3CK0!^GM?GC\0?^4H/[

M_0ZOSQ^(/_*4']F;_LT7]J'_`-6+^SU0!^AU%%%`!1110!^4/[$W_(S_`+;7
M_9Y7C_\`]0[P)7UEX]^&?@[XFV^@V7C73KG6-/\`#OB&P\46.EC5M5L=+NM7


]SJ(



M`
./%/Q&\4OKG[6K)HMU\&+N'5?!?A/P;K6J:5\.[G2I-/\`#XUBSG\5^%]+






M&_[/NK6$=K=^%-;74D\;P?$4^
K3Q[XYL?B--XOMM)ET'4[KXBVGB+QI=Q




M`+'WXT?^JEUJOU5K\JOC_P#\GH_\$[O^Q]^-'_JI=:K]5:`&O]QO]UOY&OS]
M_P:?\`R;SXP_[.H_;$_P#6F?B?7Z!/]QO]UOY&OS]_X)I_\F\^
/\`LZC]
ML3_UIGXGT`?H)7Q1_P`%(O\`DP7]L/\`[-X^*7_J*:C7VO7Q1_P4B_Y
%_;#



MX[\


M$W@/]J[X3)/X1TCX)^++32?#&D^#/VCK:/P_\1_!_CV_LX;;Q7HWB7X6P6WB








=\]Q9PRO=QPF.(Q).[-
M(D;11LBL%9%((&S0!\


MO_X)V_\`9T_BW_UF'X\4`;OC;]F'X+?$9O'TGC3PQ?Z[/\3!X=B\67-SXJ\4






O%.G:1H272:/I$.MW[6-I;O
S5\
P_%S]I']E0?'O1OB/


M3QOHV@_\*/U.9?&GC:/Q5XJ\/_#OX;^+M/UKP]%Y7B^7PK/H%UXP\)V5NGV[
M5;.6?3471)V^T`'UO\)/V$K/X1?M`2?%[0OB)J;^$+*SM;/P]X$35/B7]IMK

MOPE^'WQ+\0?#37_&FG3:CK?PH\6GQW\/VAU[5M)&E^*$TG4]$.J-I^FZA9V^






^/\`

M/[-__9.M*_G+7U_XX_Y$OQ?_`-BOX@_]--W7R!_P33_Y
9_9O_[)UI7\Y:^O
M_''_`)?B_\`[%?Q!_Z:;N@#\D/V5]'UO5/^:O[+]YH?C/Q#X+G\._LY^$O



\4_\$]?V8/#

=Y9307=LTL$CIYUM-%
F[*.K

SI)<RWFBVYLK@3V2%`#YN\:_\`!3'Q3X<\#^'_










M9@_9&\(:





XF\/31#3+#R9/#TW@^5/MV]O[




L0#\+_`)$E^*?_!3.*4Z



M^%]1NXX]=LA:@'[8F6%1(6FA40C=
6FC40+C=NGRP\E2OS!I=H*_


MVIZ%\(?$4VK_`/N-1\576M6+-9VVF/=MX-NTT;2(--\7QZ'XDTZT25([.(1
M7$UQ`?K^'1BRJZ




MW\KXW\1?\I)OV4O^S8_VL/\`U
_V=*^9/@G^TG^U+XA\8_`?0OB1X/\`B'IT


;]LB?IOQ%_RDF_92_[-C_:P_P#4S_9UH`_3BOSQ^(/_`E!_9F_





%



/^SJ/VQ/_
M`%IGXGT`?H)7Q1_P4B_Y
%_;#_[-X^*7_J*:C7VO7Q%_P4KB:?\`X)^?ME0)

M/A/8WMS8:]\'/!O@S7]=U34_LD/AS6/#VKZ==6MQK?A[5H[J6*]L_#^M:)K7




M;_8)LO'-N\OQ+^
OC'QCXA:/X`6D^K1:1X;T6)++]G;QSXA\;^#+6*PLK#]U
M_:$FO-INL232RR3V]JLUL;=Y&(`.ZTOXI_L8_M&6G@#XKWD_P_\`%5P]CI%[
MX'UKQGHL5IKMEI'B_4-8LO#THM]:MHK^PTWQ)J7AK4_[+@O8XXKK4M+4)']N

%U

8^8O#W_!.7P7X5M/!NCZ)\4O'T'A[P
MAX.^&'@Q=





9E9HT*-\H:Y_P3Z\%:YI.CZ&WQ&\;:9I.
ME^.?BK\0)[#3;?P^;;4M?^*?QBT[XTW=Y=0ZAI5\GVSP]X@L)=&T*^`%U9^'

E:-K.K27DWF1A(M/T[Q!HU[,
M\B1NMIJ5G</$B3I7Q7/_`,$QOMW:ZOHMY\:/B!/X7G^#OCCX%:'H[:;X9:Z

M7A[XI:C\-O$NJZUXE^(
?B5;_0]7GT?2()[;Q=X#^'WPXU=--U=]%U1+.^TW




M$[?^SI_%O_K



`4OB]^T+


4

MC-




M;QGX8\;6%SJGA+Q!IVOV-GJ5[H]]/IMVEQ]AU?3)FM]0TJ_1&\RSU&QG!CNK












M3[Z_[R_S%`'R!_P3L_Y&']N;_L\GQO\`^H=X(K]+:_-+_@G9_P`C#^W-_P!G


M`Y`/2O)_V=_^B^D?'[XA_%;P9:^%/!/@Z'X-_''QY\#_&2ZW\6+#QA-J7P


^*'Q3\5WV







M*\(7?C?4/#'P\U2/2]0M=
N/B';:0GB:VG\27=K)KMYI+:AHUMJ^F6TUU]JL

_B%-8M+/5


ET36OL-

-)\'_`!$\0:9\
_'/C+QA\0;_
M`






=6UKQW!\4
MCHMYI5Q;PZG\1;*RM_!O]F0AWU[2K)TN-`C@-WJ$LOZ$54OI+*WMIKZ_6W%O
MI\

S
F&PO?B@#\Z?`7[4/C72_'VB^!+[PY








MD69#?:M5C(

M2[75/$F@W'B/Q_XF\06E]K-I::3XWUOXN:#K&H-K.IZ;X.AOM2\1Z?HVMR6U




M/VSO!WAOQ=KWPS\2_!SQ1K-YIWQ!OOA59G3X_#.JZ#J/C;3?@M!\?$L+B*ZO



MU]X13Q%\3-4O_#OA[15OXM2:^GU2TUZ'2/#NIK%IT@M=0\2:3]GDGTQY[V'W

/CK_Z


OBC_P`*:^&FEZ_X\\?Z9X(L_'WCC2[.W@TA

M'X+^
&C^+?$Z^+_`$/7O!GC5O`/AKXC'PMXH33X-570_$,UY930`6%]?V\^
MH^'-2LFT_P`116D]Q!I\]UI[?:)([ZW9_7*`OAO_@I/_P`F1?'K_L7](_\`


M_P`F






METRWCMM*L8;B\EBN.D^!7PB^


M2QG#HP&G7PS%X9U'2/VFOV?IOAMX/O/`WAJ;P3\?-:^+&BM&D5A'I_BGQ'X=






49
M6
(Y[3P7)

MK\\?B#_RE!_9F_[-%_:A_P#5B_L]5^AU?GC\0?\`E*#^S-_V:+^U#_ZL7]GJ



^KR^*OB-8Z






M\0?%GX4VWA_PS'YVL^'OB?\`!CXG6U@6BBDUB/X3?%;PC\1KO0[6:YD@MH;[


S16NI2V<9;R3)<?-WPT_P




M_P#*BC_AW8G_`$=[^V%_X=D?_*B@#F/CU\+_`(T?'GX6:'\/?%6D^%M`U34_
[N[%Y[NS^U]C#`N0``0<D`8!/O@<^]?)_\`P[L3_H[W]L+_
M`,.R/_E11_P[L3_H[W]L+_P[(_\`E10!]8;'_NM_WR?\*-C_`-UO^^3_`(5\
MG_\`#NQ/^CO?VPO_``[(_P#E11_P[L3_`*.]_;_\.R/_E10!P\P(_X*M?!+
M((_XPP^.O4$?\U/^$%?JM7P_\$/V%?`WP8^

MZI\4_&LOB6'0_#&NZKI6LZO9Z9:K;6D$3W]_HFF2S32))(!:JJ
JLP/W!0`5

?A']IC2O`=GXC\3^.?

M_P`.[$_Z.]_;_\`#LC_`.5%`'UAL?\`NM_WR?\`OSA^


MTJ^C@1))]1N@-OV!C+[=_P`.[$_Z.]_;_\`#LC_`.5%'_#NQ/\`H[W]L+_P
M[(_^5%`'SU^T-_P3UTOXR^*OA#-X971/`'AKX0^/B
WA2\L[S5[O6=$^+GB




M_P!1VSK[



M%K_8V_\`#$_%#_Y]-`'V?44L$


M*I9BJDE5+
0`2:6OC#_A57_!4+_HM?[&W_AB?BA_\^FC_A57_!4+_HM?[&W_
M`(8GXH?_`#Z:`/L^G)]]?]Y?YBOB[_A57_!4+_HM?[&W_AB?BA_\^F@?O\`
MX*A@Y'QK_8VR.1_Q8GXH?_/IH`TO^=G_(P_MS?]GD^-_P#U#O!%?I;7Q=^Q
_MA?^'9'_RHH`^L-C_W6_[Y/^%&Q_[K?]\G_OD_P#X


MMULK7RI[^Y\+Z/YDC

W_9HO[4/_`*L7]GJO
MT.K\\?B#_P`I0?V9O^S1?VH?_5B_L]4`?H=12!E)(#`E?O`$9'U'4?C2!E.
M





E
#_#UCXWB
MO/$&K^(M6^).M^#+_P`;^(-8M-)FU75M%\$:!H7A[3OT<JV*I!HNHVF@I+J
M\#)+YUQJVM26GV

.F3WU_#I;27-M/-J&FVE
MW-9VVLJEK+









M_$W0=+32_&-UHL7V36-5T:PL=8U!=6\
)J$UUI

M_!.;X`7_`($\2_#J[\-:&WA_Q]XOO/&/CF6'PWHEOJ-W=7FEZ9X;?2/SPVB
M67@S1SX.TNV\(.=L[;53I*FZ34TUJ2;4Y0K\'/^AG@#XS:QXLT;0_!OB?

M/B:+[9U_I-M#;0O;32XD]W^$7PYL?A!\+OA_\`W3-6U?7M.^'_A+0_5E


MQ%XJTW1KE;K3;'3KU_U!

M$NQ?

T`24444`%?G9\2&C3_`(*=?LUO*^R)?V0/VI6D

M``L3]GK@T`?&WQ[U;XA1?&?5/$7[-OBKQIXH^%/B?P-X?B^)GBKPK\2_$_B:





*!`D4:B-#&@6-51G&40``*AVC
M*CG`R.!0!\9?L

M#XB_X03_`(*2?]'F_`K_`
14U?\`^??1_P`()_P4D_Z/-^!7_B*FK_\`S[Z^
MW:*`/AF]^''_``4:U&SN]/OOVQO@-=65];3VEW;3?LI:L\5Q;7
;0SPR(?C=


M^$$_X*2?]'F_`K_Q%35__GWT?\()_P`%)/\`H\WX%?\`B*FK_P#S[Z^W:*`/





%

M-$@#*S-Z1_PS;\??^DA_PU?_X3W[
G_P`X2L'X`?\`)Z/_``41_PQ]^_











?VE=5\0^$I;&'Q3H6GV'[+-WJWAR

MQ!X






49;8/

H`
M^(O^$$_X*2?]'F_`K_Q%35__`)]]'_?\%)/^CS?@5_XBIJ_P#\^^OMVB@#


ML2S8))R:_1B@#XB_P$$_X*2?\`1YOP*_\`$5-7_P#GWT?\()_P4D_Z/-^!
M7_B*FK__`#[Z^W:*`/B+_A!/^DG_1YOP*_\14U?_P??7FWQ-\:_P#!03]G
MNS\!_$+Q;^TA\$OB9X4N_C7\#OA[XE\'6?[/.L^$+_4=#^*GQ6\)_#K4I]/\
M0#XM:VNGW^G6OB634+2233+N)I[:..2)D9J_2:OBK]O?_DB7@S_LZ7]CG_UI

M:A_]6+^SU0!^AU%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5^4G['O_`5O_@H1_P!G
MDWO_`*H_X-U^K=?E)^Q[_P`E;_X*$?\`9Y-[_PJ/^#=`'L7Q&^.USX!^+W@
MSX6'PYI=U#XQ^&7Q


M\4_%3PG\4Y-:N;2^\)_#KXC_``X@T@6EO/87FF_$F[\*7VI7\[R8G2^T^X\'
MZ9]A

M^']0T?PEJ




]4BTBV^$5WHUQ


_&NNZ?\`&+PY:Z9H%UXH\!2'Q4MGI^B6


C_P41_['WX+_P#JI=%K[EKX:^`'_)Z/_!1'



M^*?P]\

M@TGX=:C\*I8/%FN:?(VEZAX5A\







_[.E_8Y_]:?\`A70!

M#_TTW=`'Y0_L8?%SP+\+?V$?V+U\7ZAJ4=YXA^!7@&'1M(T'P]KWBO7=06Q\
[OK.WM+J/49=(U%4@MY
MY+F,6SM-#&N?S3^$'P%UOXZ?L!?L.VF@:8EOK/AG]GWP]?^&OB%HOQ`UOX<





MB#1M6O5B^#_C3P`1X;O-
L/M6I7


MFU;5;3P_+JVBZPU[';O:WTBO:W=[%=3;0#](?$'[0WPJ\+-I%MKFL:S:ZOX@



58#)!`^+?V]B&^/@ME
M(96_:D_8Y*LI#*P/[3WPK(*L0P(Y!!((Y!Q7R'K?[$_[5/B*:[TF[U_X;66







:+J?B/Q+J

ZV7Q&L-$M;W2W:






G_JV
M_&-`'[5T444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'Y5?`#_`)/1



M]=#N;B.\

_PAO[5VI:]\+UUSPE\











M)')79@.X;]Z1RYSN+=:G5$3(1$0$@D(JJ0H4$A0,D*JJ,]%55'````ZOBK]
MO?\`Y(EX,_[.E_8Y_P#6G_A77VK7Q5^WO_R1+P9_V=+^QS_ZT_\`N@#]1:*
M**`BBB@`HHHH`*Y?QQ_R)?B_P#[%?Q!_PFF[KJ*Y?QQ_R)?B__`+%?Q!_Z

MGWC1Z=K:Q7]B-8ETP7.GO9F\D3[M_P=G_)B7[)'_9`_AO_`.H[9UZS;_LT

MWUAJ
%OC5!

N@P1PW/A;Q9'X'TKPO%
M'?V$95M





MNQ2

'P


IL;?R_G_]O?\`
MY(EX


M/AZQ^%JV^@_%O3EEU==
US28SXKEU+P1XRALM7DMM5UV'4M7CUA[2REGL42%



MA\2:9K6FRZ?8Z+8:9IU@LMO&#=:AK)N893%8S1?%=S\:_P!N/PS\-_`'COQ7

M



/`UMHU[J/BZ]M/%.EZ!H?ABRC\1
M:7J&A:1?:5I.I1ZC\0].M;6[MM;GM[739[.QAD,_P!9^$OB7XP\-_M:7\`




M^-GA?XL:K\/]1;9:_$70]'TS6]'O_#T#2NMC_;EBNMKXF\++J8&GOXFT/25N


RM[UK$2M=)#XMFUF^N+)2

)_



7^&=


;Q[
`_



MM6TZZON

M/);SO;N3&987*/C
MDVC^+OA-XFT_P`/^)]*-V+J







D
I`]U


M_!V?_C-'_#S?]@;_`*.E^%?_`(.S_P#&:_3?_A#/!_\`T*?AK_P1:7_\BT?\





M&Q@U33[[3;H%K74;.ZL;E5.UC!=P/;S!6'*DQR
`1T/-`'YH_P#!.M6/[7[
M)!L1_PH/X;\@'_H7;/VK[

^(-(U[3)K+6K)K#3M4M7LH

M5%`%SXR?LB_#7X[^)?#^O?$.Y\07^GZ!\.O&OPXC\*VJZ+::)=V7CB_\-:K?


E[K5S9B2:WM8'KVG8_]UO^^3_A7R?_`
.[$_Z.
M]_;_P##LC_Y44?\.[$_Z.]_;_\.R/_`)44`?6&Q_[K?]\G_OBG]OA6'P2
M\&$J0/\`AJ7]CGJ/^;G_A9ZUTW_``[L3_H[W]L+_P`.R/\`Y45&O_!-GPAJ
M&J^%KSQI^T-^TU\1-(\*^-/!WCRV\)^
_B4=3\-ZAK_@/Q'IOBSPU-J=BFFP


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBJ9U'

M_9?^!4'_`



M!4'_`




\5D3

/









MBUFK.2Y7_6._BZ$X-KI]Y
H#&0R%(=F

ME@%W]B'BC2KR\-NYE$;I:6-S=7



S2*9,
MHEIJLEE<%B(W=08QOC`E7=&RLWM6@_'/P?XE0?\`/\`C#P+X@*K\YTGQ-I=
MZ[[`GF.([:_D95RREB$*)O4$\C/\/9`8$




M


*!.<&1U7<54L0@)R[;02%0


^(
MJ\-/9Y)E=94^=I-)XK-I97A9PL[RGAZN(Y;-*
IKE/ZQI?&
2AY(M/N&@10S





M]G3NE:Z;M^69G]

G;%4


AMHOVB?AV'9G/

(
)-XO(.#:\;QM'#X//
-)1^



M`R

M/W
7<724K2M3
MQV4*47*_N)UL/CXM*VDY+#R=US1C9\B^MR[Z8E=.

MI0P^*RRM9+5QA+%-O2+J+61_=-#XLTF0L)/M5MM`(
ULSASSD*+8W!!&.=X0

K'!&U@&!!!`((K^-CP3^W[^UY

USX@L+S5X+*94
3+INIV%S!


M


MAZ=16;9:OI]_@6]RAD8L!#(1'.2H8G$3$
V%4N=FX!1DXK2KR#Z$****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KX?\`VA_BMJOP=\'IXJT?2-+UJZG\1V^DM::K)=Q6
MPBNA=2-
'LI(IO

M_P`H/^)EO'7_`*.+FO\`X09#_P#.D_TO_P)?/!K_H@\M_\`[.O_GG_`%=^

M+5]7T[3[A/M2:#?7\N@7ESLFU33+][:T-O\`F-\#/VN;SX$?`_\`9-O=6A^/

SH

-1I^T=:I/
M#_9_P&O@?PUGN!RO-O#S*



KR^OK



M!4\WQ&


X2S+C'XBMA:^*IUZRJ99EU.G5P]
L7AL3

M`


M0EBZ\







MTB5]'X
_2XXNR;B:&#\4LZK\0\+9K*GAZV8U
%A(8_AVO=JECZ


I#*P!5@0

M:C`29+6ZLI7$5Y:2@/`QCGB\VTGAFD]O!#`



MC&I2K4JD90J4YQC*$XN
DFFA:***Z#GJEY?6MA9KJ58U^;8I(WRLJEO+B3





:67X*F^2E%_O

MA^`O#5JI9]5UZ[CBN)R)`@BL+-%FNKVZD9XHX[/3K6^NGD?RXXY&9:_%KXZ?

]E;7$PEC!N-+\'[QJDML;97$4_B&[TV
M]:5T$^BVRP?Z1^-7Q
^*OQ$^



M!I.IALFHS5I.

W?/@\L4XM-T\)3KXJC.-Z6:.+<3VCXM?M%?&[XYW$L

)HX[?POI?V31F^S
L:V]S=VEW?HD:;[R


VQ=7'YICL9F6.KN];&8_$UL9BJMMO:8
MC$3J59VOHI3:2T5D%21Q2RDK%')*P&2L:
Y`R!DA02!D@9Z9(]:CKX7_`&_;








\\%


'BJ/UN?+@:LIX::K)4

^-GPS^)GCOPYJL/PN;P;X/\6_!+65O



MCS*:-''5EAL=466U\PPV

MA


+0CBYQHQEAU2I

X/!H5'




1FF797F-3`U83]I&&(P5'
XU9I57]9PN'KUL/&6(IUL'1_1

]1\2_!:Y^$_B


/V6/%GQ%M_'7@K


M?&SXM_!F]6]^%WQ#\4^##O#36&E:G
=$NP+A;IDOM`NOM&BW:RS*6E::P:5M
M\N)%

*:?K=FHN(T.H:GX7E







YYB)P
MHT
?3J2?#V/K2M&




M1?:YJVJZ7X:T#3HWDOO$/B*]M=
T^UC4%M[S7DL
$6Y$D9%ED\UQR(@ZLE?C







MOIH




=&TW6]`\1:!+=ZAHFN&



DULUI-I-Y9ZK;7D%P\





M-4O+&;4].BNBEQ%D5=VHYM@:K]OA\*_9XBG)+%8KV7U?#MIM*O6E7HPA2;51
MU:M.ER^UDH.I\



M=;ESIE]]JTZV\D!^?#\5\/8FE1KPS7!QI8A4)8=U:T*


%/B//J
M5KX9ULS#6W1;1[C1]5AU(MA]



M9$


MOQTM?C;X)T.^OK*;2?'4/P\^%_C?QEI*:+J&CZ/!%\3])UF^T2^\-C4M0U:Z
MN-#O;OPSXEL[876H7%_;2:1

EB:
)K#8JC3




M






M`K\S?VY?^236O_8\:;_Z*UOTRK\S?VY?^236O\`V/&F_P#HK4*_'/I?\F3
M\2O^R8Q?_IV@?K'@7_R=[P__`.RBPG_I-4_)FBBL_5]4L]#TO4=9U#[9]ATJ

M2



MB*+XQ6^J?#R#[+\?[:6V^
%CI?B7QIX?T_QJ+JS@T[5+NYT_P_XDTNRT?5?$

-Q/Q%AJ

M5/#0P&`A0A*+C1C@L'&FHK#4%#6MPQPWB*CK8C(
FKU75Q5=U:N68*I4=?&O
M%/&5G.5%R=7%O'8UXFHWSU_KF*]K*7MZO/\`
&F?L8_LQZ/X$\*_#*P^%5FG


MPCRT
-F#PCE&EBW3J?$'Q9_8:U_Q;\2?A]K_`
)OC=XW_9]^'7@?P1X4\!V?

M^
-7^'7AO7XY=7UC^U]9\

EC:WPU$?9]+L4C\L^JT`9./7BC
MN

)B*&*H.=6FJV'JPK4G4H59T*]/GIRE'GHUZ=2

M4A$*ZSIJ%_LS
8TNX'ELKB18Y(Y8/W#^'?Q%T/Q%HFF:SHNJ1:OX8U:%9M.U

K*24(9OA
MZ453P&*G*,,12C#`8N2IQPE?!_T,@A@&4AE8`JP((((R".".01P167K.IK
MI=DT_#3N?*MHRI8/,02-V

MS_
7
ZT
FH9CB
T53!4\II8RKF
:].5.KA(X-26,C7I5%=.IAU1J*K3FHS
MA.$H249)I?E#_P`%*/VY+SP?_;?[/OPH\0WUIX^OH8H?B?XNTN5K:Z\+:9JE



I
DTCRR-EVQD``!5`49E?Z0\!\$99P+
MD5#*\%%3%U(PK9KF+A%5L?CG*JU')7E##4Y*4



SHU/OJN0\6Z?X`B73O&

7

M
\D2QQRS

J:5X'-KIV
MCZ%_8MSK'B?PMIGBJ'5AI

M\LJ_MVK3E[7!XJ+Q/#?LJKJ?5X5E*-2LZE/$Y=35:G7KQ48N6%Q*J4Z'UV$\

MX4/98ESCB



:]J?BMHA:V





!*.%I3C&K[3.
OP&-J2JT90P\:U7!K%4\'7Q%6C*OA:E/-*-
M/#*$\5+ZK'#<-0K
M.%*K&&(H8SAVO6I?[L\-^G%WHFC:E*9=0T72-1G=+&$RW^EV-[





MQW$678S-J];$9%A\MQ



MH^KVUZD



M83A[GCB*[6(H0IX/W

M[






MXVN=)L=7
/Q)E.



M-`\0WDMQH3I



(SJFW6KS2G'#86G'!5:SE26)S&CC8TZ--!THWF_`-/`PQ6(PN;0
MEAL%@
%BJZQ5)K%2G5AAHXQ1H8?VG)+#U*E;$U

Y5*F&R^KE=:K6F\QA[/]


*:Q%%5K.KBJC/[X^BWXG8[/

M6C7

L;
MA

I-)_#W

W'][B\0E=TJ;?O4\%AY.4
+05DHWJU.:

L;.KALHPU2I3R+)?:7HY=@VTE.I&#=.KF&)C&-3




M]6AE6#52K2I9=2]G2IXC$TJU?#T
9[F1YMQ)C:.;^PSZMA5AL/'-9X=TL$XX

T_P`?^(M&^&OQ
U;6=5TK1HM&







YSJEG$
-]0Q$%C\'C:F95:W*JV847F







M^



U/5[F\CAN42V:%/!WQ%\6Z%^U=

MZCI?B^X2^M8+S3XM.UV^NOM5O#_HW%ZS^T7^U?X:^#_Q;^+GB?P)\._#-KX$
&/

TKY-C:$

2L/DZCA\70


M#@^*.(L/!?5:OM


/?NN_'SQK
MX



M*:XO.7+
7P15QE/`0X=Q.'QF$SNCE.$E3QDJJAC\%FT^%

:&)HQHP













MA?QO&`X[3X)?L_\`_E=2NKRV\?ZOXKL[KX8?WX7G3M4\.Z%I833_A$OB6/

M117O'S8A`(((!!&#T(K]/?V$/V\M=^FN:7\+/BOJ]_KOP;UJ[MM.TS4;^2




M^6*.26.X0E9@T3I)'+D^?ZR!G(9CVE?@M_P2C_`&F=2\8^$M2^`7BG4A-X
VUA.AAM(
M!)^ZNC:G'J^GPWB%0Y+PW,:D$0W<#&.XB.&?&R13M#,6%=V&)`_SJXLX:QW

5J4445\X?7A1110`4444`%?F;^W+_`

M;^W+_P`DFM?^QXTW_P!%:A7XY](3_DR?B5_V3&+_`/3M`_6/`O\`Y.]X?_\`
M9183_P!)JGY


I4[KVD83






=*EA



M\-WFJ?#G5O$#6_S-H*?MIVG@7XBPW^C_`+:6BVUQ^TW^POX]^%]A+/\`M%^+


MTS31_0]166#\8I86M.L^#.&Y.6%X6P=.A3C7AAL/2X7S7!YK3E2IUGB:E;$Y









M?:7HFN1:S\2+.+Q'XCE5]'NK#4WUV^O?&VDWEK]@^(46G^+?[0MJ_0RBBOS7
MB+.I\09K/
ZE%T)2P.38'DE7EB9N.3Y-E^3PK5*\H4W4JXB&`CB*LN2-JE62


*37-5.]S(R3W<ALTTG3X_P!7\#O!#.O&#/91<JN5



M'BB/ID::[97[0R6ZS7#PM9:4L)FMY)6N8=C1W*1W2Q)[+^S[\!O$_C/Q=!







M'Q6%JSH5Z
UMS4ZL)1;5T[73::84445UG(%.W

89AM^[R?E^G/'X4VB@#AM
M=^&_@WQ+X@B\3ZSI^J3ZN-/ATB]%GXN\9Z-HWB#2+9M1:VTCQGX4T/Q%IOA/

MA/Q;X`\?7_@G2-/OO%EK?:CX\BT_P?I'C6_US1-/ET[2;N$6.DZP&U+3(O[5
MDM$M;BZ-]+!N
?O5?';?LRZX_P`4[KQ;+XHTJ3PM??M)^'/VH9(8?[6L?$5I

MS6:+
L#C
%7R7`T)T\56:S:$
+AXO$*IC


'AJ4I
M3PRH5\/3GAWAZJI4E%Q=&I2JQA)^]VWQG^$=[H4GB:T^)_@6Z\-PZ??:O)KE

M\
Z=]FDCN1=6Z/]J?
MM*LTM(/BRR_91\=P?`#P%\.G\3^'=.^('PY^-/B#XMZ?J/ACQ1XT\-Z+XFM
M]9^)?BWQPGA[4/'&AZ!I?C[PG=)IWBQK/7MTO5)=.U31K\6QU6TE:UM^C
M\'_L?Z%X-^*\'B:QU/79_AYIOAWP2OA#03\4_B;;ZS\//%/@3PKKW@/3%L;!
+F\7B<++#T\5EDL?C/W7LL;&%38N^3I3KRYL71CB:RH8/&TZF&]7%Y


K;7I?#
WA4:_8+XA77X=%N?$O]C2Z
]P+Z/5

LG@/6/`5AKOPEN;:?]EGQ5^RU

(C*HZN*HXJ






M%(Y?$&BZ1J+Z-;:KI'C#PA/+K^BZQ'IVH1Z4[Z0D5]T83B/B7

AP&:X'+
)

MA?A3+
^QN49IFF.P6'C@



Z\L


MXGB!H(X;:2&6QW
9H_`M`_9G^)ML/%6J:SK'@.#7?^%B?LZ?$SP98Z'XC\6S

.I3Q-I
D

^#_B?\/X_#?A/




$8(]J;DXQDXSG&3C/

M5*P6L
LC?=K^F;Q]X)L/AG\$?@9^QGX%NIKC6_'UUX6^'1N8]AU!_#MCJ%OK




M=167P3^'
4TRVVI7'BGQMJ$2PQBVFDTU;#1K'S)F/F^9$^HW3Q11+Y84LTC[



?/#M)IKGC5C&=-JSC.

MKPOM.:3R2G6]G%R?U6IQ#E4
1S63M3=)R4Y:)1;N['XHT445_H(?Y;!1110!


21-C*[6/DGQX\`:#\0_!
%:

M.:[NET+7M5\


M)O\`49IKZ\TZ*]6RN[Z66ZG@DN)'D/YL:_\`#?\`:$UYK+0]!L?%O@GP2O[3

-+MI?@W\0-#\*6'Q4\!76K^%O#GB/\`MS4;(2^*


M_;/A'\+[V+3]8L=?M!=_#CP==16'B+3=
LM$TS7K43Z'(EIKNG:+ING:-I^K


3IG%-1IU\1*OB991*A4CB:6/KX

MXB34SLO;U
[;FX$GPK\;?!?QU3]HGXQ^(-(^%_QU_P



'EU;+Z.

MU7BLNRKXS$XFG6='%+,J#HX&-.5-5?7Q/#U#$9?@,?#CBOA8/*LBQN,P^/S
M.CF=98['XW((XWZG3PN*PN(A/8O
_KE/+9X6MBJ=/)

%?&L'



M
K_LS!^(N
PE'

J6(



MQ?81;W=R3]#_`+(7@WXP^%_#WB'4/C#J:0^)=5NM/L-?\.#P7J.@6\GC+1+C




M\



)?A[#:I9Z_P+?#'C?PGJ=M^S
MIXBM+.#Q*C:AI7@GQ7+8WNK::]]%<Z)??V;K]U;WZZLD7T%\%OAK\3;7XY:


MUI8?;X9V7A#4O`&E_OX=V?P^U:::YUCP)IWP_\*VW@?5+FXDMI[BYU7PE:



J]'ZQ/#U






M3C)W:4:4

M]CQIO_HK4*_3*OS5_;;L[R^^%EI!8V=W?3_\)MI[^196T]W.42+4-[B&WCDD
M*)D;FV[5R

ISEPSBU&
(N4I/VE'112;;\DC]6\#91A








_S;H7_!










X\!D7A/2PF/H



/?#C5=*UF7Q]8:


RJUZ\J4^(<
M@PV6SQ5'+N#<QCEV(Q'#=7B7,JF63GBJM/&X+`T,7B\!S4Z69^=B.,/%2K3Q
M4<KR7AG$8C5L!AL2I37LJ.




MVFV-W#X;_;(_9P\6^*[OP/HGC[4Y/%-E??%C2[C2=1^&?Q;T%_[7^!MMIE[\


MU\8_$

M.'G/$OT%BLR5H.+CB'3IO%?5G[/OQW\&?M)_OP]\8?A_9^*K3PAXJ:_ET%
M_%WA'Q/X.U#4-+@O9HM.UBTL_$^D:0^I:7J^GBUU&TU?13JN@3&YFLK'6M0E
ML+J1?=]


M@)XG.
PPM./U7!U



I5ZM*IRPIX63JXK#TBSX
M\^!OV1_A[?_`!(^(MY:WGCN^T]K=H[9Q-




MN+;3O$^EZYH%K_

M5-#U2`O8:UI%Q@-;ZCI\\T#!O+D
5PDL





MP#Q30RH\4T4BK)%(K1NJNI`_M+(.)LBXHP:Q^0YGALQH:*HJ
[5\/)WM3Q6&

(-*





M1I;;59\7PO\`LD_##PMJ7PLUF&]\1:[JWPG\$-\-=+OO%=A\.?$$OB3P';ZQ



Z648EXS+JTYU:+E@
NPN(PE&=?'Q?F-[^T]I%SXG^&'B



MXB\/:
;36O[)CU/]EWP!K5EX'TK5M5\17&B^#O_C[PAJ.B6.D__P`-Z5\0

O`?$;]

3EM+VE3#X7!U
[J8V5.5/+/9


M]\4M'/@^7XM7KZSI-Q\-)-7\7:Y\;(-1MOB!XD\5MKOPOUK3GU748]6U'^SH

M?;X23S^$[7X`2R_\*LU'2;.P^$6G:+J6J:'87-YH^I?\)?I/B?2?%&E7UW!X
MFTG59I?M`2GXFJI7;I97*'LL&J2C]4E#F_LCFS.=.]:C45=9RIT\I5:3P[PK


ZN7AM;6%))[F:*&.21?LO]






M5.=.MBJM/ZM4Y[]FO]F_X;?L%?#/4_BS\6]0TR]^*6J::+/5=5A$-\VE?:$



M/
SXAS/%YOG&+GC


MRW

M+VQME\RYO=*(\RZ^QPC#3W]GL%U:VZ

MGC


M

B+)%*C1NJNI`97[7?\%&OV


JXWR/



4(4X_H^59+P14<*F,SMR=
M&53J4*^(5&ACJN+Q7#T


M+.RT#5[6#Q&M]J3QVMP+UM
EL[6.ZFO()[AK.W[2+X







MFQ

-#B*LJ4J
MU%8O



M
UETR+57NUM'OXIXY(Y;593-'L=Y%6-2XY'PE\=O_

MS%



MT&YT2SDBN/!NI'4-(OI/$
-G4/@#\4O^%S:U\0M*/PL'AS4/VA?A!\6K2RN/
M$GBW3]9B\+?#3X6/\
;K1I;.T^'5]IL.L31I'KFC6D6J3:3`UU=:9-J-LL2Z



M@E^TU\(M7U/P-X@\5ZGXAAN?C]\6=1^*5AXDTZ'6/`?ANTGE\/?VB/#U_!=Z





?&\]AX)U\Z!XQ\



TJT*F'QJABZ^*SZEE\I1K4G2PL
96



5



5NUZ^0Y%FW$V;X'(LCP-;

?P#\.K6[TC0[R,
M%W(CU#4-1UF8,H7SHHK9V+A8PGS[\3)%U63PC^P[^SQ;0:-G2-.T'QIJ.GF:
M2S^&GPVT^WMWN[6[GB='?4M1LF07Z2775\UV-/E<76L2O#^G'@WPEHG@/PK

MHK_6+PRX&POAWP?E?#&'J?6
10@\7FN
49*&
S;&6GC:].\8VHQG.&PL&O:
MPP=##1K.53FG/I:***^0/OPHHHH`****`OASXE?$/XS^$_'&O:!X3_9Y\6^
GVM[<&&%H'9!9W=Q/8.2QW/:LW&<5]QT5AB(8


V_Z&E'_`




&]M_\`(U?H


+F_:)_Z--\=?\`

V_Z&E'_P`-T?+_`*BO+\7W
M#^T
!_T3N4?^%&?^7_4\\G]_D?G'_P`+F_:)_PC3/'7_@XMO_D:K?PW^7Q

M.5)*//.

ME5@Y4YU:5.%=4ISIPJPA4J*2`!0%4`*```````





M[39R$A6$EK-#('57#!E4COR[






M@%O6)E4*EHJ.K1?M_#WT@^

DXM12^LX2'U6::=






MR

-#

)&TFK*K@I

Z=#

M/#WC+P_?FXCA+;&CAEN;69'N$4-##
J2Y=8Y%1]P'W^!\4O#S

MVE'&UYY94;5[_N\RIX2;V;TB]-=FC\OS/P9\5
HE*.

MD:BVZ^43QU&S;7*^?]XKN'
DVO@BBOI34/V-_P!JO2I%BO\`X!?$B*1LX$.C
MPWPX.TY?3[NZC7GCEAGJ
KS7F.H_!WXP:0;@:K\(_BEIPM&E6XDO/AWXQ@@B

I/EKX:F
M[1C*




MJ*Q#DTG&4=OBBXKWDT?08'@'CK


M85.7FC1RS`XW$RG[K:4:\Z%'!J3=H*-3%0?

MEE&5KXC.
QRW`JG=)KGPKQ53

!`P

;B





VR/&RPN*2

-54%#%4




T*@M#H6ONTZW$=NUG+IUS)&;17L3(\L@_L'@SQWX8

JBW4Q

M.$EK&49.

MDI1:::304445H0'6OAWQ7\=_$/B+XX?!S1/`.HZKH_@6U_:5\6_`'QU
]UHT

M31=7UK[BKQB[_9_^%UWXTM?'[:1K%KXBLOB!%\4[4:?XK\2Z=HL/Q!'AE/!U
M[XI7PY9ZG%HG]I:WX;BMM
\1-]A\K7X[2UEU2.YN(%EKYW/\)GV*GEO]C8K#











MQRS'%8N-+#8CV:EE])5\;2H8N&-^*OAW^UAJOA?0/BK;^.9[WXAZUX'^*?[5






34A2J0G.O1Q
#HTL;6SC*:N`J4

J.34\XH02P];8?%5\'[?+\R]G/$+Y_3]M'5KGQ$OA6R^OFZM=
M_$#]HOX=:1+=?%&SM-*O=8_9ITB+Q3XTO+RZA\!W]]INFZMX334;SP_(FE7]

D^B^!/@A\/OAG?0ZAX'M?$/A^X'@[PW
MX%OUM?&/BA[77]#\'6-YIGA&?Q/9SZK+:^(O$'AC3;^ZT[0_$VK176NZ?8R+

NAK'AIM0TV2&S



M7DN;NX


Z25
78)RJ9MF492H3I8NMB)3<ZDZN(CR8CV,51C<!((
M()!'((.#Z@CI068YRQ.[[V23NQTSZ_C245]6?(V78***0'+QQ+\TLTL<

2



=CW-)NE4C3HX&5K3QU-N*E^=

C1Z=I-W%YWAW



KZ?XCT73=;L
M65\;E:TU.VNH&#8&X&

U


$48F&P2*1&F
R

M#C951?B5^V;8P37OV1FD$O.NA?$SP;J#&VWA0D%O:^)M4GDN

MMG-?I!12T_DB^NO-_P#)%W:V;7S/S7/QS_:(B9DN?V.?B2SC;M-KKFG2I@C)




M@38B

L?%G@O6[[PUXKT6'Q!\2?!OA_4[G0?$&F
M20ZCHVI2:5JE];6^HV



MS%


XQC&RA


M;3P]KS*K*)';1/&DNBV;;48RI#8:_J5W


M@BL](TI$90DEP8Y)

MS+X6UJ.^N6MYT4L]K/JBS1HRADE!('['D_TC.+
*HT\VRS)LY@FG*K25;*\9






M9)%CO(+(Q1\
EM.'BC8JZ)R37Z!@/I)\/58Q_M/AS.\'+3G^HU
#F--::N
Z
&'PN;P



MGS+ZZ\'+E5[/FA&5T[1:LW^`E%?NJ_\`P19MY9));3]I+5%M)))'M5D^!\-W
M*ELSL8$ENX?BU:PW4J1;4EN8K6UBGD5I8[:W5AC?^'*Q_Z.3U'_`,,0/_GQ
M5Z2\
_P#T1G_FQ\)?






M
?\`!0/XCS




MAS%8VP#3*%!


MP\X-E3JY%PKEU#&49*5/




QLSH&W112*
M&XP6#
M#&2


M1_PE&A_\_I_\!;W_`.1Z_`C_`(:G^//_`$/DW_@HT7_Y`H_X:G^//_0^3?\`



MWF?OO_PE&A_\_I_\!;W_`.1ZT;'4['4ED:RN%F\HA9!LDC==PRI

^'/T
MJ?#7Q(XDP_VI9YD&:8Z$O[
?$6'R[#87
L5%IK+\-B

MHQQ+@Z%I4Q

M1HN-SNP15R0!EF(`R2`
GJ0*YZ\\4:;;



)+KUA9WEP6$K;K

X]:N$P
IB5#V%-<T)1O.I%<T6KW5CY;/\`CC@[A=2_UAXFR3**D5=X?&9C








MCRYGTO3[=I85ZQQ

M5
MBB@U#XS_`!-N8H+F\B0^

M!0M&SGS/EXE]



OC[19%#
*:2YIY;F&!Q$DVK\JP\Z]


Y0R-G$4@:*4X..$DDYX(`R2I

8^-_\`O_##_P!7'\/:^^Z^!/\`@J#_`
F

/[;?\`R9A^UU_V;#\?/_54^+*^GJ^8?VV_^3
/




AVO$P/D6PS#

TUE*



QK1::I91@
RS2$N65N:.




MWA

M^[5DDDKZMJ/P.




M-\K;2\2K]






M1H8XM5/PO\8O&TI






%3@M+'$27&U3AL?`8C#XC59T
5
M0K8:O#2='$4IT:T'=JTZ52

MK!XBEBL/43C&2=.O0G4I33C.

M`PW+N`.5)!SM8!AW%3UB=(4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7S-^T[_`
DS
M^)'_`&3K5_\`T7J%?3-?
W[3O_)
_B1_V3K5_P#T7J%?*\=_\D/QG_V2?$?_

M%^1_MH%%%%

MPG%N
HR3C*+:::;1^Q_[
/[2T'Q)M8=(UJ2UL?B-HUF/[0M28X;7Q5I\859]
M6TN
D&.?Y4DU.RA!-E



M=
@:69PTF/W5NK#S9G.[8JKR54E6W2$;$L3D@*0^\B1(TDCI&B*6=W8(BJ
MH+
S

M7\87
`T748H5V9_D6MP/*TEM+?17L=XL'Y%?%C_@I7^U)\3?/L]'\46OPG


MHW-QPM.



4
%:I'.IU%EDW3JUHUY2Q\:=3$T$X<\\&OK[2P4HXB7TC17
MF%O\7O!;?W7?C!?7=SIG@_PII?C;4_%
D\`NK[0V^&]_KFD^-].DM]/DNH]







/&@7G]G:]XN\*Z%J/]G2:Q_9^M>)-%TF__`+(AN$LYM6^Q:A?6UU_9
M





5)U%&4Z%2$7[%SC6]Z45%*C*G45
M9MVI.$^=QY)6Z2BO'_`WQT^&_C;P7X6\92^)=`\'GQ1X;T;Q.OAGQAXJ\)Z7

[B.M;QU\5_!O@3
M2O%-W=:QHVKZYX2T[2]2U/P3IWBGPA9^+O(US5++1M%5M.\0:_HT.GG6-1O[

$Y)59
M6HQC]9K4:3JNHJ*E5IOVG+.+?I)`8$

M%$D\







MKY+&?#.8RYI0E@TZ^65)N[Y:V6U:D8TH-^['ZC6PD:=^;V5515-_OW`_TFN/
MN&*E+#9]5AQCE
7&




M$2PVVIMI%[;6]VT!NXTM3+-'^/EO\6/VG/\`@H]\'_B#^SQJ&E_L[?`?XG6M



MWLK'09/B]\?/&^H^YO!OP
\`O;:?J&H^'XO&5__`
)G\2;G3]0T#X3^$_'F
ML:9JT6G_`+5Z8VI/ING/K
-E;ZN]C:-JL&FSS76G0:DUO&;Z&PNKFWM+BYLH
MKHRI:SW%K;330+')+;PR


8E8
(?B_P7X;4O9YWCIXK-ZE-5,/D&6*&)S2
MK&:O3JUX2J4Z.!PT]XU\;6HJK%3^JPQ$X.F?NQ\=_P!M#X*_`VYB^)'Q)TG
&*Y_?NMO<`?CM\7
M_P#@KSXVU9[W3O@E\/\`3/5@S2PVOB;QO(-?U]HPT0BNX]$LWAT:SDD5)6^
MSW%SJ2P2-&DG
;


M
0G[MN;2\HQ5]+RE)1C%7^U*348K=R:2NVD7%.;48)SDTVHQ7
VHJ[:2N[))


M4G@'.

M4%5(+!06*@Y`!.



9U)*$95*5*
I:*

M7-2Q^!K4*F)I8S#5



M^
YZW+?V=-QJ2M49/TTN+FPNH+_3[



JDL,^
M!_#S7H'PW^*WQ'^$&O)XE^&?C+6_!VL`@RS:3=M';7JAHF\O4M/D$EAJ41:
M$F.]MYE/E1CHH%?BW%?T=\@S!5


IG1PG&F!PW$^7IQC/'X6G1RW/*
+*+G



+BJ3E1JQ:5Y0YE6I74*]*E4O!?VO


M8BM&+D=[11UZ45\T?9A1110`4444`%%%%`!7S-^T[_R3/XD?]DZU?_T7J%?3
M-?

MQ%K7@GQ/X?M_AK)X%DT_P6+*7QW+JU[K?Q.T/Q5IS^#+/5=$U#58O^$/N)-3

=AX1TS2=/\/:3X]^(7A.[N)/#Y\'S7

M(+``@U'#J6G7


MU!_'C]J7X#?M=_M

M9&_:'T+]IZ+X@Z+\*8/`7AO4_P!KK]M;XD7'CO2_%7PK%WH/PM^/_P`)OA_X




UWPWHC1X
M\ZTFO82'/SGXO_X*'?##P#XD^





MAM&N_H
GX0\

A1K4





M^!PV(\1
FIU
3A

35



4










)F6


MR2

MQ-&KA\5AL32A6P^(P]:$J=:C7HU8RIU:-6G*4*M.I&4)PE*





XGQ&RVCEO%V+PBEB\-0

!Q
M9Q/4X!QL\5P?E^
C0H8K$S4L
\QJ22Q64Y)BXSK5

FH/ZG!RK5

M)^SMIL7A'P.]AK7QJ\5P2W


-O&=L8-?V%X






!/AC\0M6^%FD_#OP]8?#*2\4Z#I=IXAE^(DWC*\\;Z?-;K<:<EW87W



MGO6\/Z_-IVRSTB;4+O7+74[9M`BU&:*[AM_A9X;PZP4IT9XSV
JF(S6'G/

93Q.(=.O/]#C+Q
QBH


^B1^*8?#4`FO;.
M.]T'QO=7DOAEQ/\`V/=^'+)K-M3.HQ;?A;X[^+C\4_VJ=+GLM9^(WA+X=:K^



M/
L;7PSPV78/`*CBI.C/`Y5DV

MG4H4H[T:OB+A)UHX'!X?%K






MC+]BOQYX1\*6'CN^N]
N-1_9HT6RT?QKIUUJ$/@.PM?#MQXQ6R@FTW6[;1]4



UX=S+`8F



MQ=Z%XE\5:A?7$WB+5]$L_P!SH/A'63;(UY&AO/(61G;R[2ZBE@N#JE-9CALS


+3

NPD
M*GA










MP%X2TWP?I]SX-M=$\^`+;P]H^I6E@MQ_9-[IFK:[%'':)KGB;7]0ADU5UM



MU7QO8W%@LMM8:%K






FQ51QE4K8&4W'V5=PC/UK





I5C4P^74*B=&5:GB
1B%4I83ZKBG



9B\PQ6(QV.Q-?&8W%UIXC%8O%5:E?$XBO4D











Z^#OA+=HNG:CX-USQ-<_#XRQ:;X
M(T'Q!96






XHYS'%X^R]+$8
MFOC,B6'Q%236'E2PF)P]A1K^WF_





=A
UP
)8+

35SG/\`$2G4S*%6K1P$


MOK;2SJFG:-J^@1^
OAAXOTLZE&Z3:WX5^*'@[0=*T^]@@N-5TJW\4MJ5OY-M
MI
ES9Y.F_!WQ39ZK^QQJ5W\(_#]MXC\-ZIXDUGX]:_X3M/AS8:/I6H:_\*H_
M!NLOJ\W]HZ+K?BF+Q!JUEX96?^Q](\337FG^%[!]8DW:/HT
M!WB'Q_/KFM/X3\-Q^%;^ZU*V\
:S='4/#GC?Q`OA?PIXST&VAMFN-;\&:UKK
M'3[3Q#91-:O+%
=H6





(;2[N/%GPBTO5-
7]I):VP<@/4^N_M(_#[3;GQ+X?CNM9TO




I9/A\/AX4X+#4





H5\KQW_R0_&?_9)\1_\`JFQI])P;_P`ECPE_V5'#W_JW
MP9_/\GW%_P!U?YG4U/N+_NK_(4ZO\([+T7Y'^V@4444PBBB@`HHHH`***

MS








%C:E.%&BL)@


&?#SP_+
MS5)9K/$N*5WB/[7QT)<[25Y*GE&[<FHQC&]DDO\H_I%U


MI_V6?`%U/J\^K^)_B7K@UKXIZW\7[FVU#Q!X?M;.+Q1XA\'ZYX#U:SAM=\(
M:+%-H,_AC7KFQM[;4UU'5=-EMK2]TO6;*\?4I]1^E*^?_P!IOXI^*O@U\)[C
MQWX.MO#-YK5OXS^''AW[+XLTW5]4TB2P\:^.=\'WTGD:)XB\
7T=[9PZW]O
MLIO[1DMS-:_9[BSF2X\V#P.(

MV
YQI5(O%83!5W&=[5

Z






-OXVO?!44



MUXFAC
D=''3Q.:X'%8=PJXVKC*E'B&MP1[*KBH34L=+

3B?JZA6=2C2PV(J
*_AIX]U32]




)/B)^SAX

M\



+&YUCQ;?

-GN
M&SS#9KF%9-58SR;.

UG/$\*/+





=7&T\31C@HYUA*$<32HSAGE4^*Y5:$8T:
*.*6!S6KCZTE4I

M9K2UO=













M

L6!U74_PU
M6\+3ZK!XG\&ZM-/$-)U[3H;R;2KRY%E=Z;UOPN^`!^&/CB/QQ!XYN=;N;/X#

MU2X<VGVB;Z*HKY;#\%<,87$4L70RQPQ-&%A1K2Q^9U9TX8+*L9DF%476QM1
M_N


8XSKJ:\6MK*YVFV@TXB)[6:93.
M_L



GB
RE3]M7K3ISP5/%5
ML;.M2IRQ?%5:=?ZO&2AB









M3PM\


M2V_V_0M3L/&_A?6-#U&*UU+1_$.GZE:6MT/E3QO^U[XWT;4OCWHWA\?#+Q!;





L33^


GV<^K:5INK-8:+^T!X0\.^#[S1E=KJT:6R\67
MAVV'A**

MX1\8SVNL^)OV6M)M+NW\4^#[&R^(ME+I7ACQO?7]K:WGA/5]2U_4_##1:G;1




M]0UNSGM9;'T*BOLL-PYDV$Q4
90PDXXFGB
5BX5*F-Q]?EQ.-GBYXJNH8C%5


:_M
-BDB,KQN
MI*LDB,'1E8$$%7`(((((R#7]@W[/'QBD\=_!7X_%^\NP;KQ#I_AG3O%#K)
M(D<E[JCMX2UK[=^]NGKKB6^LLDTLA-Q;6SRR)DE?X^2<`D]!R:_ID^`$5[X


MZG#_`/=_ZE7F_N\F?DA]FN?^?6Z_\!I__C='V:Y_Y];K_P`!I_\`XW7ZW_\`

M_P`!I_\`XW1]FN?^?6Z_\!I__C=?K?\`\-_M?]&??$/_PNI_\`YW5'_#0O
M[0G_`$9]\0__``NI_P#YW5'_`!(K@?\`HZ^
Z?\`-NL3Y7_YJKU^[[S_`(FN

M_P#C=?K?_P`-_M?]&??$/_`









MS;RJ\4]O

M16X2SO$0P^6YGB5B
KQE67+2PF9553I5
+7FWRT\/CHPINE5ERPHXF#51\N)



M'%KY\:Q

TG.C.G42YHJZ


M.J)=ZEXKF\`:/X=T/4-=T[4/$

M%_BZVM?C/\/]&\+WQ^)/AS2=03XA:=X5ATG7O%OABXB6YT8ZKJ-]I.F^)+BQ

M;3[&W#7%[?3[?*M+.!6FN;AXX8E+NHK\MO`_PW_:/TKX8_`S0M*TCQ5X=\7:
M!\(/V;_#OP^2XM-9TG3OAKXI\(^

MUNS:ST[P_;G5(WGE^2S/








%F6.R?+WPIALKJYKA5*I#&5
%AZN&P\LO_MGV



MK:[\4Z1\3=3M(M$\

(,FR#!N-LS6OCG]7S2G0P^



M)-&UK6H/#.C1ZMJVC2SSW4VE:KJ



<5<KPF'J4)QH^RQ&8XW`U

MQL*W-4KK+

M

NP6&J5XX-4HQH_J]XF^%GPW\8ZE%K'C







:
M*N&SS*\HQF
RK#THYO.

=IM_JLEY?36\MVTTM7[/X:?#?3]2\)ZS8?#SP+9:QXTB;P_X
M%U:T\(^'[;4_!.@7-G-I]QH?A'4(=/2[\-Z/<:?<W%C/IFC365E-9SS6TD#0
MRR(WB7PX^&/_``C'[0GQ\2R:)XN;0;KX






MB+4-&GT?P9HUP$5X5N[5+I-9A28B:%8590!(PD\.\!^!?`'_``3U^!
.DZ7;

&-3PVX3G3S.-/\`UFSZI2S#
M/(TYPJ1P<:<:D,ORJ-6FWJL%2J5IUZL'*G+&XG%PHU*V'IT:LOG+X0_%G_@

M]AX-6QFU.WLIX([][

PZY\)_BSXW^%6IWN@ZCJ
M]CINJ3:3J]WX



L4W\L7/.0RD$@JRE65@2&5E

WVC^R
M3O:]MF

M7REP1G%=4:.
Q4\1D&)JR4:4

\7/$4N:5;%4(
M/^


=8C`X/$*K4C5
MJJMAJ-7VE6%.%*%2?M(2YZD:5.G3C.5Y1IPA!-1C%+KI9ACZ$5AC<71@J56
M@HTL36IQ5M.-6M1483BE2JU(QJ5::7)4G&,YIR2:\YMO@]\(K+1K+PY9_G
MX:6?AW3-
\1Z)IN@6O@/PK;Z)I^B^
2A\7:/8Z5#I26-II7BHQ1GQ)IUO!'9

H5L9BJL95*M:4:N(JU(RK5



M1Z6LE_X8L(M/L([+0+II=)M4LK18+2



M#;6L$4


(J5*=&G4JU:D*5*E52K5J2CG3I


D_BS7+2UU74HX)9XM`\
V[BZ

G[-'@J$1
%K+4Y2DTD+ZIJ$<4JWER\4EQ?V-CYDE


']AQ+Q-/#XG&8::7M<LRW#PD\ORZKJW#%<U?$8K'1
M3BXU*]+U8NI@N9_;U%%%?C1_0@4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7SIXY\-:YX!N[WQAX.TR^\0^$[EYKWQ5X$



M


4L/E6?

M.U^&
QS7$
-H\B1,
M_P!7\-<?<)<6TZ<LDSGU\1.*;RZO-87



KN\8


M^/M8T_R[V6#6



M2E;]9X)\$O$/CF=*IE^25LMRNHXN6=9Y&IEN7JG+E?M
.JM-XO'IQ=XO`87$


\,Q7+B'3-+MH(A</DV\&K:D;B\&C'\<O
MB?\`&V5OAW^Q]X`33?#FCJ-)NOB;K]C%H7A30[.(F*#P]9+;&RT](`K2*GV


MG[.7C76_&

F:V?[&C/9IKD4$@:SMT



M0]2^%DFI:E'IDOB7X+WZ



WV
T
M:SU#3+IU-OJGAZ?[3)J%M\C?$[P+^SK^TU=?\(+^T!\-[OX:_%U+9;.S_P$



K)(RLI/\`5G#O



M9M1GC8)VRK`RAC

=SK^O2HUM9HRPR&.V@6ZU&Y8
M.TLIY&53^^7PB_9_P#V?/\`@GMX-?X@^-=5B\4_%C6-,6P;7KF*XU:YN?)

RR3:K'&U


3R?5.:4:\6W!9CB92Q3C%2PU/`*I5I3X;X
_!OQQ^T7XPT;X]

M0M
MA.T7.IWJ6$#/N8)'Y]W=0Q&5PI(0-N;!*K@'$5*E.C56K4A2IP7-.I
M4G&$(1[RG)J



_@7_PI=*_
M^6E'_X?#W_0S^!?_ETK_Y:4?VQE/\`T-
N_P#W#?_`T/[*S3_H6X_P#\

MC^V


Z!XHT72O$.AZC$8+_2-:L+
M74M.NXF'W)[.\BF@D`ZJ60LC`
A5@-FB@#XTU7]EG6_!;RW_PSG\2]6^'
./A;<3






9EM65W=\SJUL?!


M3QJK1EK5HY(\

MV9_

-V=DZV!2;Z)R5232;LFU&35[J+V?`OH?<2
MW5^



MPQ.R11R2
`B


A?S5C]M/VH?B#+;):_#?]D3XNW:WQSQV]U
M##X0LS`Z!Q.T&FZ!JZ2-M:WVQ-Y)(D=FEC
ZCX)UG
MPWITQN&98S;:EXIM]%T^Z12I-Q+;7
L5FC1R7CP1RQ
_U+X+_P57[5/B7R
MI?$5KX&^'UM)!'*ZZ[XI@UC4X99%C?[




M
67AJ*;8Y2

L3S0R_+\@RN#=XU/98K'8F$?=



M=&\JF3Z?TO\`X)U?#G4+N/4_BQ\1OB?\6]1683LFN:Z=-TI907)-M9VOVG4+
M9'



\\0N
^(N:.;\29IB*
KWPF'K++\#).WQX
M/`QH8:JTKJ

M+-3I8_



&56CFAFC9HY8I%9)$9D=2I((!Y)^SW

MMSX'\





M#D#1F#X6?&.6]\1Z596L2D#3_#'CE&E\4:'!LV0VUM?OJUE;(F]DFE9G/C'Q


10K4VG[DZ552IS3=FU.$XM77+=J2_!


M\2_#Z^O/!6LQDE6RLV@RVENZ^:B2O'+;/'-(BM
LA`KRRZ_9B^//@]VF^%'[
M3.J:A81-&;;PM\8/#5IXK@
:2%S`?%.GRVU]!$59HF;^P;NZD4HWVI'B#/\`
MJ&1^

E*&8RY4KQ3QG(GHXM-H_%N(OH[

\LA&ZCK3R[EKY12BG=*$
NBM&U:]S^6?QE^S)


B

+)I\_L\/EV)A%I0:49?VC1
ME)/FEJX0:Y4W'WE;X/&?1'\0:

M
:DTG)I3?+=_SQT5_0JO_!.S]@^XR;?XFZQA/E;;\5O#Y^;KSYMOG.#_``_*


M&$4HRO)/E4O!K?1;\5Z23AAL@Q+;LXT

WB:&&BX]+1E*5W\-KM?@













MZ=K.I08*ZKXM9O$EWORK%TAU'S-.@.]%=!;V
0B(Q%L&0?R[._%7CS/XSI8[
MB7&4
-4;4L)E




M.SGKJ**@H****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OS
_;G56^$UJ&4

7_/*/\`[X7_``H\F+_GE'_WPO\`A6'XE\6^


M$FC@U/2;F[LIGA8A94CG9HV(5PIXK;ZG6]A]:^JU/JWM/9?6?82]A[6SE[/V






'\3:[_X8?$/5_A9XUTCQ

Z1EIH4$EJTC!(+V*VN

6(\

)SQ6!J8S!P2



%C*%;XO5ZV%Q6%Q%.


MM):G=@\OQ..C6G0^KQA0=-5:F)QNP-.+JN:IQ53&XC#PE*?LYM1A*4K1;:2
M5SZ^HKY:_P%I_M/_P#1J.G?^'_\'_\`S
4?\+3_`&G_`/HU'3O_``__`(/_
M`/F8J/K-/^7$?^$F+_\`E)U?V'C?^?\`D_\`XD.0?_//S_/LSZEHKY:_X6G^
MT_\`]&HZ=_X?_P`'_P#S
4?\+3_:?_Z-1T[_`
/_`.#_`/YF*/K-/^7$?^$F

`X8$9P
M2

Q1_PM/]I__HU'3O\`P_\`X/\`

M!_\`//S_`#[

7_\I#^P\;_S_P`G

MCIW_`(?_`
'_`/S
4?6:?\N(_P#3%__`D/[#QO_/\`R?\`\2'(/_GGY_GV
M9]2T5\M?\+3_`&G_`/HU'3O_``__`(/_`/F8H_X6G^T__P!&HZ=_X?\`\'__
M`#
4?6:?\N(_\)

7_\I#^P\;_S_P`G

MCIW_`(?_`
'_`/S
4?6:?\N(_P#3%__`D/[#QO_/\`R?\`\2'(/_GGY_GV
M9]2T5\M?\+3_`&G_`/HU'3O_``__`(/_`/F8H_X6G^T__P!&HZ=_X?\`\'__
M`#
4?6:?\N(_\)

7_\I#^P\;_S_P`G

MCIW_`(?_`
'_`/S
4?6:?\N(_P#3%__`D/[#QO_/\`R?\`\2'(/_GGY_GV
M9]2T5\M?\+3_`&G_`/HU'3O_``__`(/_`/F8H_X6G^T__P!&HZ=_X?\`\'__
M`#
4?6:?\N(_\)

M_P#!_P#\S%'UFG_+B/\`PDQ?_P`I#^P\;_S_`
G_`/$AR#_YY^?Y]F?0FI^$
M?FMQM#K/ACP]J\3!E:+4]%TV_C96*E@4NK:52&*J2
$JI/08\RU;]FG]GG








MB@`K\S?VY?\`DDUK_P!CQIO_`**UOTRK\S?VY?^236O_8\:;_Z*UOQSZ0G
M_)D_$K_LF





M'\+T\`ZW\&C\.=6\'VO@S5=`\$W/CG0M8?4=2UNSTU_$&O\`C#P@?#6H2ZG#





X7P6:8W
9.O*



MKXC'1J*O4J.C2C^:?B/]H']JGP%^TQX=^$$/B/4/B'JNC?%7X6?#C3OAEJ7@


YK@/BM

M:I=Q6





M5?9TL-B)8ZIA*F9_6\;C?Q`T7]O[XK:S_P`)W;P?'NSOOAZ_QL_8T\$^(_C9



E6S'%\U+P^S7&Y4J=?Q!S+







1WP#7BU?
L5@\;@\OSK/-HUI</2Q-3$8G%YG@L
MSQ/LL5A<3B,3ED*.)QM?#3P5+*_0PO`?$&&S+XZ?'F:UZ%#'5<5+`5%C885




]E/ZK+%TJ5*O5PL:_+[)XBG0KT:TZ*E[2-.K3FX\LDW^EK&82

_S%




MA!:)*G0PN?PA&ST2IX3-.52LOJV.E&


RL

C


@)IXUWQ!<V-G-=0:)HIUS4-$



VMZ

Y^)O
MBG^S-9^)?#'[;GA.&_\`@]JOQ4UGQ#9_M&7_`
*K+P5'\%]-C\1^)K_1O&?B



_9(_9B^!?@34/%GCSX$W?

M@;7O#LGAZ?5_!^B^'$O?AAI/C#2=7GN;#TL=*A1GBZ^&=.K1IRXFJ87!0KQJ
MXG$4\KS2&7Y-A_;M4\/3JYSA:ZS/#UJU2G2C3PTH2=3#SJXJ@8'!2JPHQQ6(
MPE+VV'P


_Q-




OA]\9/^4/A_P)'@WP




-U&\=XM,A\(ZKH]Y'J.CZ]?S2WEI;?@9^Q5^R
M=X]^/_[&WQ%U;]E;X%?#(^#)/V;/^L_[
7BZ3POK_[/.AV/[5/Q!^
W[0GB
M3_AF7P''8OXRMK:TTW]GB738_'MAXJ^





M!E*J01E?[1LMPC\]?
92RQ[7\QD#;2ZQ[=[(&(4N%*AC@D&OY2_VA/\`@G;\

\??LQ_#+X$?

\/:+%!XJ^$VC^+/&%I;Z

M*&
.0$

M;JOC[QDDOC/Q1I'A:WU9O#.BH^I+X?T!]87Q!XNU@Q_9O#GA+3M8\17Y6PTV

M_%VQ\/V'QWU\T'7:G[9/[`GQY\8#]I^3X)?LG^$?'%_\:/V@_V4/C?_`,)5
MKFN?LLVOQ7E\:?#W]JZV^-7Q2U?P=\9/$WCSP%XSUOX5Z?\`#31[_P`-^%O#
M7QJ:T^(G@;5?&L7PJ^&[:S\'H-4U?0[4*Q^&PT\52^KSS+`83$8N%I4Z5I
M7R2.88JTYTKX3#TL=FGLJ_/!XC^R^:,*2Q$I8;*GK4P-7%*$(UX8#%8R&#K





HSPJE4@X8BA+%XK#4*T)

\MIU*C=XT98G!T_[5HTG*3]CB


8HS*Z

MJ3^%=



E1C6S##XR3PD]
104




M2K'3?=C=ZIKUA:26GA?4=0TJ*QMY+BTU;2/3?VB_\`@F/^TM\1OAG^VIK6


MZA;Z


'E.+CBHN-:C.*
M9TX'#8:KF&HXNO[+!5L[_LW%8CVEE*E@%5H0_M2$I3K0IT:M.I5J4Y5XJ%




MU'HWVFZL3;R?S[^(?V#/CWJWA/Q%XQT/X$^_#]I#_P4C_9#_:[^&_[*4VN_
M!#4/A[X





MIG6)AD=.FG3J5


J&'C5FJ/UJK_8Y\*OV@_A5\9-$\(:OX
\2




8



O#OB/]F/XUW_`

M036J?S)_M!_\$S_B9XR\??MZ^'_A7^Q7\+-+^!7COXV?\$NO'_P-\)W-S^S!


7\0_C1X)\6Z=)X=^'FA7<6A^-K[1H;C3=2TV71_#U[;QWEO-?^CM_
MP3B^)_[0G[57[;7B7]L7Q7KOP?_`&BM




M0ZG^S+^R_K7BK4/OAGX?ZCJ&A_MP?`'P_\`$'X#IXV\%BUN+S1UNO@3XBO
M-:U+Q1I$FEVDWB?QM?II!2XEUNPTWH_VQ?V'_P!H'XP?M8_MP?&KX&:#\-/!






M1N5.MRY;F514Z
_:)9A@LXR7`4J*K456C56(P^*S'&X64(NAC

MKY5F^+Q57EJRI3I5J.*P^!P_LZZH






M&X13S?!5:K?)A*7M
!@Y/!
MK^)GXC_LL_'#]F']COQMXA^/7@O4_!?@G0O#G_!.+X=^
/@MX$O?@O\`&?2/


:51XN-'$4ZSPN9++&J4H3



XR@*%=V
M7'

M#:^(=$O;CP;X?U+4-&FA\
ZAIM_-&EHU_;SOM'T7_:=C_P`_`_[XE_\`B*_E
M[\`_LA?M6^#?V^_@[\?O$OP8TKQW!H/_``43_:]^/WQ%_:1A\??!6#Q)J7[.
M/[1'[-GB7X5_`WPE=^'[[QQI/Q$U9_V=9O$$?P_U7PE_9VJ6GA_1M(AU;X6I
MX[T[7]5.G_T



0HHHKM/'BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OS-_;E_Y)-:_]
MCQIO_HK4*_3*OS-_;E_Y)-:_]CQIO_HK4*_'/I?\F3\2O\`LF
+O!<EQ\



MXM49X6CF.'H81YC.IB

/@[X#?%N'2Y_VF_V#


?B%X#


91CC,OR.E@J645\96Q$:DJE/+LKKYQ0PE'DPD\2H<
M28$W@LLQN'^6RG)N`

O<QMS7PE_::_9*T_P]\
]*M?@GX*O












94I570I'\\-E^S5^U_J_[+OASX:_$+X

M
(-


M/'9=7KX7



6M3Z_%8

M
DTV?O[\#/B]HOQ#\):1XOTV1(;75(_LVO:89EEN/#^N6V8KRTN(HW;:$FS
M6\CJ'N]*N+2]0`.(S]+JRLJLK!E8!E92K*1D





M
9XIPA['1117VY\0%%%%`!7Y8_#F_O;=/B-%!.(XQ\;_`(SL%

$G+_$#6BQ
MW21

M=KIK2Z3MY'W'!]&C7HYMO1I5H*67R4*U.%6'

DVD[72;[L]0
TJ?\_*G_@R?EY^2#^S<N_Z%^!_\),/Y?]._
M)%_^U=2_Y^A_X#6G_P`8H_M74O\`GZ'_`(#6G_QBJ%%'M*G_`#\J?^#)^7GY
M(/[-R[_H7X'_`,),/Y?]._)%YM3U%E96N49&5E9&M+-E96!5E96@*LK*2K*0
M0P)!!!K,TBWM?#UH=/\`#VFZ)X?T\RM.;#0?#^B:+8F=U57G-GIEA:VQGD5$
M5YC%YCJB!F(10):*%5JJ]JM17M?]Y/6UK7UUM;2_ZL/[-R[3_A/P.FW^R8?3
M1+_GWV27IIW+_P#:NI?\_0_\!K3_`.,4?VKJ7_/T/_`:T_\`C%4**/:5/^?E
M3_P9/R\_)!_9N7?]_`_^$F'\O\`IWY(O_VKJ7_/T/\`P&M/_C%']JZE_P`_
M0_\``:T_^









M^

MO&_@:5?&


M^US^S9^TO\`

M#B6[L8]0\_1YVD=[^H_\$@/AU_PL;Q;X^\+_`+1?QP\)6OB6\_;.O++PA!HG

MUS:R^W#^P)X:=1XK
Z=2679_3I4*M:4JD
UI9;D=3(W7GAZB\-6S3$YW1E5
MP[4)X#`X=983&/%TJGD5\'B(XG#T\+E&3RI4L;DD\96G@Z-JV7SJ9\LW^IQ

M8_9;^+/Q

5SH=U
MI-SI_B'Q1X6\^&6_@U31]/U?Q#:=5XA_X*Y?`+PY\2O$_P`()?!O[1NK_$7P

MG4=1TG2X[!1_PE-SX8GE@AE^4](_X(WW]U\0O$'AGQS\=-2U?]EJ?]F?]CG]



MVNB6/@OX'77AO1_B-/X#D^%T.DVEOJ/P]N;R?PO9?#YD\/06EY=37CR1)K
U
MV^KL]VVV:U.'ZN

MDL/3P_[J:R'^VZTZ

MECZ2P
*R6$H^SE..19G/%7J587J47
MQ`LFHSJ0G.K_`&8\9.E4GC%)4_H?PW_P50_99\76_P`#+SPWXU\2:I8?'OP-
MX/\`B/HE_'X5TFWM?A]X.^('CIOA9X)U;XOF]U6UG\%1^)OBB/\`A7NG1VT&
MO.OB$2W-Y]E\-6MYX@M^.T3_`(*]?LVZ[I'C+4X]



M)8^']'EU*+0=.TK1X[E--TZUCD6PT^U@:1'D$89VKUJO/S&KAO[0QW]FU*_]
MG?7
3]0]K.I[7ZFJTOJOM.=J7M/8*GS\R3Y[W2V-L'EN&^J87ZYE^7_6_J]'

ME_S]#_P&M/\`XQ5BN/VE3_GY4_\&3\O/R1T?V;EW_0OP/\`X28?R_Z=^2+_
M`/:NI?\`/T/_``&M/_C%']JZE_S]#_P&M/\`XQ5BCVE3_GY4_\`!D_+S\D'
M]FY=_P!_`_^$F'\O^G?DB__`&KJ7_/T/_`:T_\`C%']JZE_S]#_`,!K3_XQ
M5BCVE3_`)^5/_!D_+S\D']FY=_T+\#_`.$F'\O^G?DB_P#VKJ7_`#]#_P`!
MK3_XQ1_:NI?\_0_\!K3_`.
50HH]I4_Y^5/_``9/R\_)!_9N7?\`0OP/_A)A
M_+_IWY(O_P!JZE_S]#_P&M/_`(Q1_:NI?\_0_P#`:T_^

?D@_L
MW+O^A?@?_3#^7_3OR1?_M74O^?H?^`UI_\`&*/[5U+_`)^A_P`UI_\8JA1
M1[2I_P`_*G_@R?EY^2#^S<N_Z%^!_P#3#^7_3OR1Y]I%U<77[9O[-9N)/-

M&
4HQ3;;=DKMM[L****^B/D@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K\S?
MVY?^236O_8\:;_Z*UOTRK\S?VY?^236O_8\:;_Z*UOQSZ0G_)D_$K_`+)C









M7\
-/73;J_TW3M$^'UEK\?AO3])TW4=1TZTDL[N6UO[P73W
WT#117QV:YEB



MWA7W?^R'\%;6_ED^


M0FT^UFB1E75-7!-G8!GC$(::^8LEH8I/OOXF&]^)/BSPS^R7\)%?1='M+2RN
M?BIKFF1`V/A3P+9JBQ^&H7C)


M*;:6
S^+[N!V$5U;V



M3/VW?^AZM?\`PZ?B#_Y6T?\`#)G[;O\`T/5K_P'3\0?_*VOV@HKS/\`5O`?
MSXK_`,&4_P#Y3_5WY6]/_6S/O^@Z7_@%/R_N^2/Q?_X9,_;=_PAZM?_``Z?
MB#_Y6T?\
F?MN_\`0]6O_AT_$'_RMK]H**/]6\!_/BO_``93_P#E/]7?E8_U
MLS[_`*#I?^`4_+^[Y(_%_P#X9
_;=_Z'JU_\.GX@_P#E;1_PR9^V[_T/5K_X
M=/Q!_P#*VOV@HH_U;P'\^*_\&4__`)3_`%=^5C_6S/O^@Z7_`(!3\O[ODC\7

M_6S/O^@Z7_@%/R_N^2/Q?_X9

M
^_Z#I?^`4_+^[Y(_%__`(9
_;=_Z'JU_P##I^(/_E;1_P`
F?MN_P#0]6O_
M`(=/Q!_\K:_:BC_`%;P'\^*_P#!E/\`^4_U=^5C_6S/O^@Z7_@%/R_N^2/Q
M?_X9,_;=_PAZM?_``Z?B#_Y6T?\
F?MN_\`0]6O_AT_$'_RMK]H**/]6\!_
M/BO_``93_P#E/]7?E8_ULS[_`*#I?^`4_+^[Y(_%_P#X9
_;=_Z'JU_\.GX@


M_*VC_ADS]MW_`*'JU_\`#I^(/_E;7UK_`


I_P#RG^KORL?ZV9]_T'2_\`I^7]WR1^+_

M5_X

F?MN_\`0]6O_AT_$'_R
MMH_X9
_;=_Z'JU_\.GX@_P#E;7[044?ZMX#^?%?^#*?_`
I_J[\K'^MF??\`
M0=+_`

M_P5M?M!11_JW@/Y\5_X,I__`G^KORL?ZV9]_T'2_\``*?E_=\D?B__`

F

.GX@_^5M?M!11_JW@/Y\5_
MX
I__*?ZN_*Q_K9GW_0=+_PGY?W?)'XO_\`#)G[;O\`T/5K_P'3\0?_*VC
M_ADS]MW_`*'JU_\`#I^(/_E;7[044?ZMX#^?%?\`@RG_`/*?ZN_*Q_K9GW_0

M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OS-_;E_Y)-:_P#8\:;_`.BM0K]
J_
W



`\-.$L9Q!B:<<7F%24<!D.5*357-LX



5P50-8:2DTL-N

K:+X6\R


H.*\[S
M#'XS


M
%ADBBBBOI3XL****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/SC_X))_\`*/C]G[_=^*?_`*NOXCU^CE?G'_P2

?V(/^1^,7_9UW[3?_JV-?K[.KXQ_8@_
MY$+XQ?\`9UW[3?\`ZMC7Z^SJ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB

53=6\E*4E+D2BTY-?GU_PSA^R)_T7
M7_S
7PD_^4%'_#.'[(G_`$77_P`S%\)/_E!7W#_PQQ^S-_T230/_``
U[_Y;
MT?\`#''[


M^BZ_^9B^$G_R@K[A_P&./V9O^B2:!_X&:]_\MZ/^&./V9O^B2:!_P!FO?_

?^CC^(7_`(+RK_YK\E]Q
M\/?\
X?LB?\`1=?_`#
7PD_^4%'_``SA^R)_T77_`
S%\)/_`)05]P_\

MS?\`1)-`_P#`S7O_`);T?\

U[_Y;T?\2]^$7_1M.$.G_+O%

+_N^?E^7F'_$;^
?^CC^(7_@O*O_`)K\
ME]Q\/?\`#.'[(G_1=?\`S
7PD_\`E!1_PSA^R)_T77_S
7PD_P#E!7W#_P`

U[_`.6]'_#''[
W_1)-`_\``S7O_EO1_P`2]^$7_1M.$.G_


M-8;+)8MTUB


MDE9)+1)):));(_
VVVVVVVVVV[MMZMMO5MO5M[A1113$%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?BQI_\`P4F_






4Y2BG[W

M$Y2\E\1ZMN_MKQKXMU!7?=);6^K-H=E)'G/D-;:%'IQ
!!='C:9S)$YCD9PJ


M+-JTW6Q?

M

\9:BQ?8KV_A74K:!FVJW
VJ+IZHN&QYDFU-RLH8L
')


M][F[ZX^.'BHJ&L?AS`Q+GY;[Q?:6[(!ADBWTN\`D+!2JY*F,EBX;FA+\:?
MB
R@0^`_T39R3+XPO;@%?3:GAZV*G_:WL.VT]:YBL?[1S-O7



S@Z;?=.G9KIU*-Q^TS\0+<0ZAX/\-VSC+&&:?6[:21%<


M#ZG\/=+NBTFGS2Z9(0H6

#);+!]F!G=@_:KT`F
7?@



M!H.MQK+HNMZ1J\3;MLFEZE9W\;;#M?:]I-*IV
&P3M(P
JD==IGC'QMHA_XDWC;Q98*%







]!IJUTU=)J_5-737DUJGU6H4445L(***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KR76






OK_`$M3_B3#A_\`Z+G.?_#1

M`/-'7\\^Q/[J_P#?(_PHV)_=7_OD?X4?\3W\4?\`1O\`(/\`P\9C_P#
OK_2
MU/\`B3#A_P#Z+G.?_#1@O_FKU_IZ?T

MR#_P\9C_`/
OK_2U/^)
.'_^BYSG_P`-&_^:O7^GI_0Q_PT!X#_`.BD?G_
M`
+3P[_\T='_``T!X#_Z*1\*?_T\.__`#1U_//L3^ZO_?(_PHV)_=7_`+Y'
M^%'_`!/?Q1_T;_(/_#QF/_S+Z_TM3_B3#A__`*+G.?\`PT8+_P:O7^GI_1!


QC3B\1A::E4AC*

MO0I0Q?X_XQ?1JQOASD%+B?(




M

MT7PVCJ\D;*NKW=O)+?


MNV4SWT[(I59)[^X:6\GDVLP
DL[NP)W
23G5HK\CU_:.\2?%S]KO]N/P/\0/




MP@M6Y.-2;E;E2A)7=6=*G4_7BORW\#_`+?LGB#XK_!#X_!2V\#_MLVWQA^
M`_Q)^

M/%Y-RJE4C3Q$)5




M^
M






M!_6?&MI!HW@*^T;Q]\2+F_\`%FE1^'OA[967@73M8TKPMXGU'5O&N@7HT&P\

^&OPA\7_`!=\
M2-^SK^S/\:?VD_%WC+XM_#WPQXO^&?AG]H^X\?Z=X
URUL%\^%?7QF\2:=
M%\-M9\3_`!+TO0I?A)_96@:KH4G@32/'&OW5_P%M+^1OVT_^I/Q!\0?`']

1#'


M3DHN3Y:/UG#PE)7C*K7H48.56M2A/]N*R]1T32M6!_MQ@N'(B8J8[A0AP
MES$4G3/EHI*2*2@V$[5/Y/?%C_@I]\0/AA\?[#]FQOV1;:\^)-EXY^`?@CQ


MSO\`M!?M+^%8=+_:
\-Z_:_$7P-^S/KYT3XC:#XOUKP;\

MWB/P;X2TKQ#\7KZ+1]5T?2_BN?A%XZ;7O!GAW2Y*#Q,G&-)0SH[RC[14\J
MRZEF^/G*A?VZAA\LK4\=S.DHUL/)U

M+QZ-`^+WA#4+^\\&?M0?#^U^+OA26YGUOX):]HFL^'=7L)IO!7Q4\(Z;=^%=


M$5EXS^$GA[]G?XBVOPZM_BGXJ\3:2WPHU_Q1\0/L7B[PG!K/BD



Y*


M`()]Z/X.\

MG\/^







8RF

(W2YI-15Y-1BKMI7E)





DFKQ::NM4TUHT*%2G5BITIPJ0=[3A*
XNS:=I1;3LTT[/1II
MZH*W/#7B36O!^OZ3XG\.WAL-;T2\CO=/N=@EC66/(:*XA)W%K/&SPW,#$6

%KN^BLIITN9+.T

E6H
M5J:A7H8BA-2C4I5*-:
:M*I!PG3JI3BXS5_WL_9]^-VD_$SPII_B6S:&UO
)


R1H6$IL;HI]MTVX8$S:?+Y
B_;()DB^KHI8YHTEB=9(



M%#CG(*%*EGN#CR4O[2PZY:5'B#`T4_\`=\5)QIX^E3BHX'








;KXB^(M!

MFTDU/4)+?PIXON-9T.%[VY
=DOFOGZ3K\.?^LO[5?Q^^'B#P_H?[-?B/XU



?V;_AU\2O@_P#%CP!X
M!O?!?BKX!?!S4/@#\']/\
^._B%I'@#P-\)=7U-=9U?PKIGPMM/%
?PXG;5M




;?XA6GAW7[;PK\4M%M-;

?#*X^.4YU76_%MM\

M]1TOP_XMUY+S7K'P?X52^ETI?RV\2?M`_MAW_B__`(*9W_A77_B#I/[1?[
V

%OB9\


1CJF#P4
5AW+
\+E5)T:V(ING1I
M\69SA*KP=;FE.$:O]HO#X[.*6']I[+%0KTJTJF












/A
M3^T5XV^(6AWOP[\


M3XZ?'W1+S4_AWX1^*FO_`!K\
^$[C7=+^)MKKITO1/B3XHUO7[%4U%9HH+M-

:WK_P`


ZA_P`$R_V
-4\#


6LMA8M;_EE^R_\2?VF?#7[-W[(


M^


OIUO&X:TU3[-



M?'



MP:C+XMAM-5@TV**=/
LRQU?`O
)UZE+$Y%A'4Q&)KRIU/]9J\
!A*KY^:I##

MVW_@5^TB?AI\
_'WQ(\8VNF:)^S_`*M^S'H.H^'/&HZ?^UEXN^)_PTKXDT

MQ)^


M4J^%PUVJF&HY-FE7ZMA:
7BZV'X;H8VCAL/*E3CRUJ[Q&:SPF%E4YJ4:.
Q.
M57#3KJ#^BQ;GA,75Q7UB$*N(QU)PKT*T8TZ=?-Z$LQJUH4XS]OCB
+ECJU

MEIMOJ$G[





Z;I

5X7X'E8OA2A-N6#Q
OLZD8;KJSGI(TE1
MHY$62-P5='4


M2E2KPIU83EN9U\NJJ=-N=&;7MJ'-:-2-U=Q;4EJDER55%M?U*$I0E^NZ.D
MBJZ
KHZJZ.C!E=&`*LK`D


5C`7ZIK[[`XR&.PM+$QB
MZ;FFJE)R4I4:L).%6DY))2Y)IJ
TDJD.6I%*



M?$BY&E
OVOX'_:L^
NO_`+&7P2^

M:[XSO+VV_2OXT?M/)\'OB7\(?A./@M\;?BKXL^.3^
[?X=#X:7'P.CTO4M5^


-KX9UO1_%?A_7KWPOKGA35H

M-Z-?+\76RJ6#QV-S3(

54H9W4QF58?*L]R?+\1C\;





MFHRCPJ7B=PSAZ]&OEGA5@LMKQAQ%AZ.(P.88&GBUAN)5E4

M*K/*

7@
.J_UB+P\\-\@_L@_%+QU

^'(=4U*T^%^K_#/PIX-
MDU;PM:SF6X@\&?$'3+CXP^!6DB\*?$#6=9UE8]4N?RPU7_@HQ\8X/AW^T1XB



)#HAU:.]2P?3AK&GG4H]1:








M92SG






LEQ*XA@BDO?L4=Y!

MKT*F9T





HPPT*/U-/#O\`II\+Z\NH


3-1+AMKR/U]?FQ^R;J?C/P[\
M%_[9^(MY!H_A#0!/JW@_4M:D,-[IG@_387N[BZOGN`J6^@6,D$DFAXWR_8-

MJ/
MYBBSP2Q/(FR012&.YBGAB_VVX*XHCQCPIPWQ






5\-

M;G^'6A?%OP+KOC:#Q)X(MEN_&'AR;P7IGB.\\0Q:_P[*1+KQ5HKZ8-2\
V






0J5@L+]:[7X@?M]?#?P3^U7\(OV+O1O/BG\9_B5X9O/

MBPGG-NNB
TX\@_8Z_8+_`&A_V8/VF/@CXMU[Q!\.?B%\(/A1_P`$^=-_8\U#


-8\1
M:?\`%WX6Z=^PQJOAKQ1_8_@_P^O@G5_#OB[6?BWJ6DW_`(:35;SQIX-M/A_H

9NC!NE'9?+82<8RAC*JR;`8S&


M'ZSJ=W\



MZW'IC*?MN2I'EH?VIEV!]K&TY?4L54K1S'
Y4XR;5'*YX=QA1A*K5S&ABL)C

M+?'V7XW_``JT/X5Q:?I-UXW\:^(/B[\/K3PC\/M8OM*TK5+CPG\1_&;^)SX3

M#U


/&7
MC3X5?\
]Z@GBCX


_L:

GB-_@C\;_@K\%O#
M'Q:^'/@&YBL].^`%CJ_P

/;X5XZ.!IU90I06+P-;






MBG[^9Y+K4E.4^6CG.)JRQF+KUL15J595,/E4G*C4G/$J5:IBL2_8X#&MQ2


M
8Z^:?!O[4W[-O[+/Q3^%G[`O@K5H-+\!?[X_$2^/Q'U/]H'PIXP\
?`'P
MO^SYI/AK5/$GPV^-NN^




9X-:'[`Z5^T!\#-7T[Q7J
M&A?'KX

M#?$FDV\^K^'?%&ORV.@ZWID$VHZ5?W=G$\RZ]C\:?A9JD'PZCTOXQ_#34K;X
MQ6L]Q\((].^)GA^@^+EC:V!UJZN/A:EKKLL?Q%L[;2P=8N)_!HUJ#3@=1E



M`!*;X;Z3\*_B%\)/CSJ?[0&D:_\`#NRM/@'JFF?$#POXR\27EGIWC[1]/E_9
M[U/7[FSGUK5=2U:PU.\\--TU

_
M94X5'[7

:WJL_A#Q39P


BW-FQM9T!&%


5MR%\N
[B$]=HH/

TETT1
MXU\/[C5_!7Q/\`7]S:W-FU[KT/A^YCE8Q6UUIWB**33KE9I8V\N=+*5[74TA

M)-4NY8-R








+IX
M?`RHTI1Q]#+*&7X7-\TH8SR<X\,,AGE]:I1Q694,5@Z^<YQAL74K/&2IXW'T
MLRO6Q%*53O










++/\`%495

'Q5P)





MU7]JOX%Z#;V=UXA\3^)/#

^?7X[\8*JXS$\(T9/
M,J^;\/XO+)Y!Q!];I8C!YKD/&&-PN,PQT

/C::I5LTQ=?

M5]K_``O_`&AO`'Q?\?\`QH^'G@R+Q9/J?P*\8CP#XTU;5/!'C#1/#
WBRWM8

MJX7Q/A_F.58/!8#&\/9'EM:GB\+F='
I971SBIQKD^+CSYC'#PKUL3F:KPK+
M!J%3`SI4'2LI.7V^&X2X;S;B1\:8+
Z^+QV&S;




.E2^&K^











MKM$B\%:-/&JQ'



M+F7]W9ZY:+ESHFL

8C#8G`UW2KTZEM!W5[JZN^6I3G%VG5KPJ4Y.$EK&
M31W.F_$#6K)%ANX[?5(E!VO,SV]Y]Q51#=1B2-T4J9&::UEN)&=PT^W8$]T
M[QMH%_L1KEK&9BJB.^7REW.[(JB=2\'&`SLTBHBLI9NN/!**U/4PG$6986T9




N`5$B$[A^27

73FX244\O]I4I9G:E=3;

^







-O_B!\*=8L/#CQZ3XBT+P9K.G:+XNCL[[O5L]1MF

-5C3IQG+T\!1EAJTZ=6K+JXC'SQ5-4G*G&E&A

M

M_8U\&_LJ^!?!OQ9^'/[
'P8^$7P[T?XD?%OP1\%M5TCQ/JOPC\;7OBSPG_PO

M;



MT'Q]I/PH\76GPJUB[O[32?&DW@/XHZ_X?^'WCJ=;[3=.\


-[8FXN$CE7


MHPQ

WQN\!_&GQYHV
MH_M#^!/AKH?QC\
R:'X5U'1_$7Q(^$GP[M?A=X'^





L
MDEAJ'CX03*R:?HT6(;R#09$6%M6UPKMN[H3:?87DUQ8W-MI/.YU\176!R^G[
M?&3TE*UZ&C)75?%SVC&*]Z-!7JUFX1M$_:QI1NN=N






MHHH`*_






_S3_:(5+X[


:Y'::MI\'QKU#X[R^


+G=+#5


M7Y+F&*S;+
-B*3Q_)BH87

S?




QJ2!7Z@_!SP)X9_9B^&NK_&#XG2?9/%.IZ1$);.4Q&[TBSN



M%WQ^Z:KX[\13L)YH7D=[FW\.V
V2B6.FM
1=/;+%#J%^IFTMM.@M?+?V8_

YDAN+6]LS(6

EF9'\P?GWX_^&/Q2^$7


9^W?M




M&WK%!IGB*.[NI%9(-.\R5%'RF)RS.\`WSX6.:8=-6Q&76AB5'1-ULOKU.9

8Z5



%
\

M/'FM6/R71CU.'Y0/M`$=P@!C!VSQ*N\[$;!F1V



@DADCEC8*5DB=9$(90ZD
I*G*L&'/




64FH:[J5KIMM'$\Q:XE5':.

7=(R0QC7:0\I`AC.!
6&P<U6Q<[6TGBW
*


2TL;:PSQBZ


MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K\_?C#\:_A]X8\6ZUX`\9_#KQKXN?
M0[NTN'FLO!%QKV@2S7VGV^HP365Q(AAFDAM[Y89)%3

1?`?\`RS^K

T?\+Q^


MEG]U?B?E#_PO'X`_]$$\8?\`AIE_^
T?\+Q^`/\`T03QA_X:9?\`XS7ZO44?

\
BPAHY8I%5XW4AD=0RD$`
MUTWP^\':[^UG\3(OB#X^\/ZGH/P/^&M\T?@?P?KEK/9W?C'Q-B)[K5];L+NW


M)KWAKP[XIL9-
\2Z'I.OZ=*KH]EK&GVNHVQ61=KXBNHI45F``+*%;@$$$#'S







M55
38)1V`-?MBRJZLCJKHP*LK`



$EA+2Y=$U3:T^&[NO.J</Y+4VPU?#[?P
5-I

K[MK

M32)96+--HNN^(++&[&5CMFU.:QB3CA(K5%&3QS7)ZG^P=\+[M9#IGC?XOZ/(

\AS^FT_:93B8\[5H/%X22II

UJ.







M\-Z?XTUGPUJ/P=^


DJR3*8V#_

M*&\S=\T31MAEV=

JM

M

MMW4E[]TE&


M]US2+[2+9K=F0&^CU'6O[.@
4G



M6C)*4%!I-?EO:?!3]LWQX)%UG5_!'PVTZY%NR^=?2ZKJL


M^]J`/@5R?^'H]LN3M'[`M\0
G`)_:'TX$@=`2%4$]2`
]!7WU7P(_P#RE(MO
M^S!+W_UHBPK[[H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`


MB[_TP?'&OO:OSD_80T3QYXU\4?&[]K?QA\7/V9OBYI7[26A_!33_``3K/[*V



_%FI_9+K2;


M')X\\`?#_4Q/X?@`/T=HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`OD#XU?&&+X



M_P!%_P#B5[P6_PB7Q?_`(D?$?E_U-/+\7W/TW_X;_\`#_\`T(7C'_PHM-_^
M*H_X;_\`#_\`T(7C'_PHM-_^*K\R**/^)N?'G_HKL%_XB___P`Z/+\^[#_B
M5[P6_PB7Q?_`(D?$?E_U-/+\7W/TW_X;_\`#_\`T(7C'_PHM-_^*H_X;_\`
M#_\`T(7C'_PHM-_^*K\R**/^)N?'G_HKL%_XB___P`Z/+\^[#_B5[P6_PB
M7Q?_`(D?$?E_U-/+\7W/TW_X;_\`#_\`T(7C'_PHM-_^*H_X;_\`#_\`T(7C
M'_PHM-_^*K\R**/^)N?'G_HKL%_XB___P`Z/+\^[#_B5[P6_PB7Q?_`(D?
M$?E_U-/+\7W/TW_X;_\`#_\`T(7C'_PHM-_^*H_X;_\`#_\`T(7C'_PHM-_^
M*K\R**/^)N?'G_HKL%_XB___P`Z/+\^[#_B5[P6_PB7Q?_`(D?$?E_U-/+
M\7W/U`LOV^ODU[9PWW@[QCIUE-=017FH'6K&[%A;22JD]ZUKZS7*VL;-.\
M$361$98\N54_HYX




:L#0PF'G0S6\:.#KSIRK4\Q]CAI.=/&*6&_$?'+Z-6

M2E6Q.'A4C3


MQ'_E'_Y=Y_GV9U?V90_Z'64_?F/E_P!2[S_!]CZ;HKYD_P$;_:Z_PBJ_!#







ME'_Y=Y_GV8?V90_Z'64_?F/E_P!2[S_!]CR/XE_L
:5;^
_$?QO_`&2?'][^
MR1^T)XBFAU+Q+KGA+0K?Q)\$OC!J=G)J$\



6B

M^)7QE^$GQ



M!=%T[3/A[\#O#\G]M:G9+IOPX\/:3JE]I







RG_
M`

M``YOCC_YW='UB/\`S[Q'_@BK_P#(^?Y]F']CUO\`H
RG_P`.N!\O^G_G^#['


MV8?V/6_Z#


M;XX_^=W1]8C_`
^\1_X(J_\`R/G^?9A_8];_`*#
I_\`#K@?+_I_Y_@^Q]-T
M5\R?V[^U_P#]$Y^`7_AS?''_`
[NC^W?VO\`_HG/P_\.;XX_P#G=T?6(_\`
M/O$?^*O_P`CY_GV8?V/6_Z#
I_\.N!\O^G_`)_@^Q]-T5\R?V[^U_\`]$Y^

MK_\`Z)S\`O\`PYOCC_YW='UB/_/O$?\`@BK_`/(^?Y]F']CUO^@S*?\`PZX'
MR_Z?^?X/L?3=%?


G]N_M?_`/1.?@%_


.;XX_^=W1]8C_S[Q'_`((J_P#R/G^?9A_8];_H
RG_`
.N!\O^



5JWHC[2HJ*WGBNH(;F!M\-Q%'/^U
MEWQ2HLD;;7NNY&!VNJL




MYB\._M.^$[OPAX6^*/CB_P#AQ\-?@[XE^$OPU^(X^*/BCXLZ+IOANRUKXFV4
M.J:+X-:X\1Z+X7L94;3)A=V7B75+1M3.RW30;2=I$A]$O/CY\=/UG3?#FH



U\6R:PEMJWA







M6L+R5ZE6%%K$T'SVJTW+7$9UE.%C5=;


M17



MV5XY(W4
DD;J2KHZD

%
MNOWC;7

&BE0


71_;%K_=G_
M`._8_P#BZ`-6BLK^V+7^[/\`]^Q_\71_;%K_`'9_^_8_^+H`U:*RO[8M?[L_

M#J^FZ^8_VN2%^$$#$X`^*'P5)/)P!\6?!Q)P


MNC^U;#_GO_YF_\`C=`&A16?_:MA_P`]_P#R%-_\;H_M6P_Y[_\`D*;_`.-T
M`:%%9_\`:MA_SW_\A3?_`!NC^U;#_GO_`.0IO_C=`&A16?\`VK8?\]__`%-
M_P#&Z/[5L/\`GO\`^0IO_C=`&A16?_:MA_SW_P#(4W_QNC^U;#_GO_YF_\`
MC=`&A16?_:MA_P`]_P#R%-_\;H_M6P_Y[_\`D*;_`.-T`:%%9_\`:MA_SW_\
MA3?_`!NC^U;#_GO_`.0IO_C=`&A16?\`VK8?\]__`%-_P#&Z/[5L/\`GO\`
M^0IO_C=`&A16?_:MA_SW_P#(4W_QNC^U;#_GO_YF_\`C=`&A7QC_P`%`/\`
MDUCQ_P#]A#P5_PIIH-?7W]JV'_/?_R%-_\`&Z^-OV^KZUG_`&6_'Z12[V.H

?R1
--_]%:A
M7XY](3_DR?B5_P!DQB__`$[0/UCP+_Y.]X?_`/9183_TFJ?DS7RK\2_V;O\`
MA._VF?@G\?K75].L;'P1X#^(OPM^*7AJ[LVNF^)?P_\`%



GQR^%.H

+]:D9]!O/!N@Z=XFT*VOM<UCQ4WQ$U*VMOEYJ67[`'Q
MX'PQTC2;W7O@]%X[T?Q!^W5HR:0/&'CO6/`%[X`_;?\`MBWOBR?5YOA9HVM1

TC4Y;IM7DN

.6WP@^+W[.
MOPF\2?$/7??A'Q'X?'B?XSZGH4UUX=N?8^*_A+QK93+HOB'2;*#6K?2M2A

SQE.O3H4:53'K#Y=!49?-NO

][JNF36NG^'=8NK75K*\E%U_;7AY+C4-+L='OO;_\`
M@EW/XGE\




ZRS/\`(

M5W\


MV


C0*L5MJJH'%UIBC
;36EK)

M
+BJ5UST:LU&4)J

TU4H8O#5)



W^$@N_%GD67A;PS=72^#_$&I32PW
FB:89;V_ENY+[-NVA
M:'+YEM8ZCO%K':VMQI^U8=+8+J:1\5/#7Q1_:+TCQWX.N&O]'U#]FW6--#SP

M$X64ISP\Y'V;_:MG_??_`+]2?_$T?VK9_P!]_P#OU)_\37G']LR_\\(_^_C?

/?2W
]XT\7]2NKW&F

-_`FL:'XL\*Z
MW;QS2BP\1^$_$.B^)M`U!(M0T;5=-U2TM[J'X8\;?\$U/V&?'O@SQ%X+^('P


M_A9OBGP7;^*O%6J7TWAK7O&.HZ=K

MJ$\7E]3!*4I3:IR=2&
H8B


M=O9ZP?/_`!)^WW^T]\$?VR/VKOA?X%CT_P-UC\0?^G7[&/[*_PK\
?&KXL


MJSU^RL]72733]S?$C_@G-^P?\;_``)X;^&OQ.^$VI_$3PQX5^&E]\-.?6?
MVF/VF=0\7:C\
'\4Z1X];X:^


MD_:


15






M-;/P=N_#=W8ZG=_1/Q)_9\^!'Q)_9UU?]E;XJ:'XB\3?`KQ7X:M/`?B+P_XH









Z].MAL#0JU*$J

\5B




G]A?#




%;
MW6[;5[71-0L-4M+KPUX;ETG[(\^#_WPX\!:+\
_#.GZU/X/T#0X?#=A;^-


.)


10P'#7#N48G#4Z-*=L







M9^

)X3%T]?K%7
$6*A#%5HTLX^PCB*
M$U.JZ$<-F$:]*I1A.<L3+.:^*RVK&<,114XPR98;+<1'EP\8UGB,0J6*J1I5
M9?F]X/\`^U_CCX:_L^?!OQ7J7[-6K?$OP]/_P`$]_!?[;7BSQS\0_VKX-0^



%U?:%%\0TM/%


*SQ5/):&'Q]:C4;E1E/%9U
M]9Q]+ZS.G0HT7@\



$\\A0?QKBQGQX'SQL/_

M_CK^S3\5?V&[+X4?M-^
O@=X#^/WCKXP?#CXD6OA3X)?SXUWPG\&_'Q%\1

M_P`%+/C%XATO]E_X)?M._LC_`!BT[]LSXK_LL^&/VC/'OACX9Z?\.;#P9IND
MWGQDM?A'K\EQH_C'XJ:9XO\`!.MZ!I&IZ'\5O%_A+7-
D&B^'[W5]`\.:MXG

4
M*U&OG..Q=5U.=XG#9?0X=Q4
#A*%6

=?MJ^&?!/CJ^\(


MHWP
^(FN=5^&W@'X<V&H^#/$$GC

MAX-S;

LRC4TQRIU8YA]4K1I.K
M#-51?U:









Q=?+_`+G_`&LOVZOA3^R)J?A#

'







M[-?C35_BE\(4^(WPK\/_`!8$5K\1/@?X8C7X.6'AK4_@)XW\B[AD\^(/!FN
MWVB2WQ^!_$GAD:!X5B\/8X*$G&A'&U8QJ2PF3PQ
XQE*



7NJW?



^*'Q'^
'@#]KSXJ?#SQ+JOA7]E?X
6WCB7]F/X



MUQXKT[Q[\:M!\=:+\1='UG4/`WPV\!V6J^`]=O/B!J_BF7PRFF64A\2:?X?

M?PX\




OP9^'^O_``I\

\9?#/QIKD`U#X;^(9_



M

M_BG\

7[/?QC^&GB_XR^'M1_9B^'/Q*^%O@KP1


M#\$/C9\2OB!\3O@MXK^./@W6?AW'\


?[)?[-.O_`+09UG5/`_P

MW@2^^/&AZ#KE]X&U7P[J^MZG\*/BKXI^%WBS6]


\2:3I_QY_9TE^*




OQ$USX3:I9:;)\$?!
_P`/


MRJY)0P5I*$8U89CA\ZQ-:KF$*$U7PUOC


3E]*A

C0E5I_5*T7AJ.;5JL*-:C.%2K@:V49122Q&)HR56I2AF[S6I3H-*5+`4

M(U:_LO&VH^OAM\29=(\7:/\.?B%XHO/7B%-/ZSX5?\$N/@9\)+K]G2YT7X
MP?M2:_\`\


\#



MHSG2D\RIX#*(8*M5J2A*?U=XRKGDL;4?M

MK$\%+/'BL1[2G1C6CD]7/
WJO#86A!U
&L9ALF7#^'I4JE*&J/^VZE1SK?4
MHU,GPQ_P5P^%WB/XT?/]F?PY\+OC]X]\7?$+QGX$^!FL?&O3M*^!/@CP-X7
M^
WB;]G+0OVE=;@UGPOXR^



\G@:DZ$Y3Q-#+ZE;#5ZF8/`8;$XKCPE&C2E@J..Q4Y5
#'*'B*V
M'HRQ.$QLY9K@O[54W/$86O.$






8VE44G[L8K7
M2

T^.*24[

TW0[S]@#XPWNK6.E7-[HNH_#_4/#]YJ
M


M.





M^RUX[\;^)?#/B:ZOT\!?#KPUXR\3?#]+&WM_BC+I26_A+5]
^SZ+:2:5)?Q^

UEAYUYXG$PP6



M?M(?L0_%.&3X*:#^SC;VUSIG@BX^)_BSQ!XK\9_#+X?&7Q+\4/BAXYL?'&






M8\
O#1RJMQ9@
!F66S63U



M;$4HQPV)6.R_ZK#$U*^!A2S[#PHX7!_7*TOJN?\`8IT;7;O]H#5_%OQ.\8ZM

M)=4\2:WHU_;:=X@L]6C\2V

M`($_$S7TTG4?!NO31^+_`-G_`$S1M-\)ZG;7OCCP9XIOIWUD^&_#U[XH.J7.
*_V[/$-I\0/`%YI'P\;?L9





XK!X/
PL8M]YJ-XZB&RLH9[J=DAB=A^H6OW-K^R_\`[PQ\
_A




MB^(
3S)PI0PJC4C@95K4YXN%2NXU:&`Q=



M/9TZ


95L5S25;-
PK*#QN;5)55.?-B)1C3PT:O-*E@Z=%3BL1/$3
L)<7T1T&YM=8%
ME<1_5M5[JTM+^2TO[2UOK28`36M[;0W=K
%8
HFM[A)(95#*K`2(P#*&`R`
M:^

M$5GA
30Q*I5*M+V=5T*D*GLYVP_
HSY.5N+4HIWA*
HQ:_FD^!/[:L7[*/B;










G2A.$*_UGBC'\08W5ITJM*HZ6*P^
J9


MX%S:P_$OP?X0\5ZG8?$'5M4TR;3;R+ZXG_X*8_M2:;^WMX4_9HU7]H#X=0VF


MP'X8T7PEI-YXQC\$:MXG\0P^%-*M-MM5\21^&?#?AGP]JGB1+TM+;5-2TW

MF'M
57Q.84
1CLPSP600A2P
\:J56M0R[`X6K2G2C52K8?#\0^U7MJ?LIRIS









\/VNJ7/C7_`(*W^!_$





K

8Z+P52-.&-HYIFL

_$?@+1+C1=6O?`
=KJ'AO5]3G^L?VF?VE?B3\+_P!J


M_!NO^





MQ

[RVUSP9K'C[^*_PT#JNL^#OA

^&_B/X1
MT;0?A1\












M%2?VVO%OPE_8R^*WB[XB^`?A_I'[1G[=/[)GP6U^74(_V8-:U&'3?C)9^
XO


U#P7^T
BZ]JUE\6-+^W)H\J?


$QOCB\D0PR
MF5E
;&
#G]##QRZ&)R_Z[A\'/(I5J$Z\*=/$PR[&8+$YLHNEAH3I3S]X?$4\
M96J3Q-5+$S5:6+C4KQJ[XCAK#598R5.=.@\33SNE1:P\:D\/#'0Q\



Z&$5&A3I*E0P

-F=)/OPTPS!@QV:!I$9R&^;
MAD*C/8#'&*=6?^R=_P`G0_M&?]BK\.?_`$SZ;6V48FK6S'#0J--*3EO/=)+[


M^@/VRV_`Z[8G`7X@?-L^FWXG^$VS^&
UR
NNVWFR?\3)?]8_\`'_M'_9KJ




MXZMVAN[BX\+V&@^
#XLGL]4TR_\`Z/;W3]/U.W:TU.PL=2M&97:TU&SMK^U9



M1ELVJD4Z&:N?+S82

-/#4

&I4X15.
MOG%''4I.



MK$:;-,-LTNG.W46

M
-_

^&?C2]^*_A_2Y




M^!?V*OC-^TI\)]

M+XQ\-P^&KF^\+Z;XJCUEY?'FI&]\++?GXC\$_P#!17XP_%CQ_P#LLZ7\:?BW
M\.-/U'P'_P`%7/VG?V7;;XC^







\0:?H]C^4G[2^G?!?QY\?\`]K_XW?$WXH_#?XK?&+X;_P#!:S_@GU\(

\/ZSXLT^:!/%'A[6






%F


MC^
-_P#OA4/?@3XH_M+?%?6/#'QZ_8W\2:;-90^%[UOA1X5T[3M4\K4KK2


M:CF\:U#V\W[2IAJN`H4*4I976QN78J
1PSAL13K^PQ+PL9X?'4:+IX7#-47B
M*.!HX2N_:4G5E4P#P^*4)*K3EB?[4KXFM-X_#Y=C
)_.QKO_``5=_:5NY/#N
MA:5^U9\


^FP2_IZ/




L)15-QH5\(5^'L!B\7B?J]6CA

Y\SQ.'Q/X$

$X_!W[3VE?MA:7X4\2?%_]H[]DSP+\6?`'@3X3_#+P]XG_

VH

MA6E#%1PL

=?$8BIBJ6+KN=/$XFG4H4\!_'M\`?
MVVO$G[.W[+'A[Q/\'_C=\&_WCSX5_\`!!CX-_$?P!KEWH/P.\0^+/#OCOP?
M\=!HU_\`#NZO=?TR]U+Q!H'B;6))_#NM^O$7]HZEI/B#7;A?#$OA_Q.-.FM


)9?A_=


\%ZOK/@Z'Q7XA@U;5?A_X7O;K1VU
MS4[/PQ:V

5Q8


MSCC
0J
T^$:5/#1HO$P4J64X++:=6.%2=.K@\MX;RB./2G5FI5IT
IS#V=*L
MZM#U\^E7H06*R[+ZT/P7^-W[?'[77C#_@G#_P`%$?VF??[1UG\/?BY\
/%
MWCWX7R_LK:3\(OA]%\3_`-D:P\


M6_''P5^)/_!/GXN_%^'PYX&^7C3QA^T+\'_``A\%?$\7QRL)-#M/$VC^'/




ADMM-



UUX:/EA@2VSQ%IK$XV



8/#9C@

X2BW&49)QDFTTTSQT?LZ_L

?!&FW.F^(GBBMW\0:?/9

Y1DK2C+'XJ49+E

,C*9SXNL[:#3HX+7Q29R9CXA@CCU<RDR&\WDM78T5R_7<9RPA]
M;Q/)










MX8ZO\:_B8SV.MZCHRW4EG/;1K?:%I$TS#2]`L8V=GEU_Q)(;.6:


K1+/X;^'I-[IX/\,K&UNL

Z629#2Y*56HF

M?VG$?$C53'PIMJCD637A++N'L&M)4^3#PHRQ:DW/VP]/$2GC:N8RFZOSV^.
MG_)T^F?]F\?^]-:OT)K\]OCI_P`G3Z9_V;Q_[TUJ^DX@_P177_Q4O\`TY$\
M#@S_`)&]3_L7XS_TB)0HHHK\Y/T0*_(3_@H]_P`$VK/]LCXI_!'Q]X?\



M


M.PN%QN'YU*$



MOQ0TJ?4O%OA-O#VC_P!FW^CZ#/JNK)UW@;_@G5^T5XM^(G[=_BKQ_P##G0OA
MOXM^
W[*7[*OA[]G_P,VL^+_`?BG6-_:F^#_P5\6_#SQ%\2;L?#_QIJWB[

M3P-\3['PQX(9]4L_ZDJ*ZJ7$N8TL3B



1]8A7P=_P3H_:`^&?QS_











NQ+.4C4LQ);).:
=G=;
J.9PQ-/V=7
SM0HPE4K-5


MKSQWH.@:#J]WXJL[W3]1L-'4M\0K*5+V74=?CGNKN3?\._\`!.7]M)/V=O@5

?Q\_9E_:0\;?\$Y/V)?@AX7^#U]JWQA^#_Q&_8=\5?$GP$?B!\(-
M.F\/:7^SWXC\-:Y\0!'XJU7Q]:^`]=NC!H

J'JDL
JO'(A[HZLI[@U%;/
76J
*;SQ!\+/^A^C?M(?M%
MZOJOP^_9A_9@\*Z'X*U3]GO6?A=H.C?`^V\&?M#_`!J$_A&/4=-74M7\.:/\
'S99S'$2C6M5Q<*[6<UJLZBQ/LZV+PNKU:
H8
M=47_`#._#/\`X)O_`+2%EJWPN7XJ_LK^#O&W[/OA/]LG]NGQOXS_`&3-5^('





M/'?B:#Q#\0=7^+?@SXV6?[/*:#XM_9VM/A;XU\$?%OX&Z%\*_O[/?Q-G^(

OQ&T;4+3QWJ&KZ+KGB^B?\$P?V

?$'2?`WB?X@?L\:YHGQ`UG]D_0?!'AG]J

MLPR_V;H1PLYT:'#6'I5





M474JXO


MC/$/QC^`JZY/\

M`-55%84\WQ=.%&G:G4IT







OC5^U%^TQXJ^%'[
M+/A#1?V<_C+X'^`OPI^)G[/G@7X875I=?C6_P!H;X&_!Y_B9H_B;3]4^(7P







M-+KUQ?:+HFGWG]











M7_!


P.`IQ<9U:D73P^&P%..'33J4Y5\5)U)^W:CKA<%2PBI*E*JXT<#0R^
MFJE253EPV'QF98ZE&\W*;E&KFF(@FY-*A##THI*DG(HHHKS#LO`/VG_`/DB
MWBC_`*^=!_\`3W8U[_7@'[3_`/R1;Q1_U\Z#_PGNQJH?''_`!1_-'1A/]ZP

M!'_#'\D?@X44450!1110`5\3_M`?74?C+X1C\*Z=K-GH4L'B*'5GO[VRN;Z
M(I:ZC

MDXT#PYK#VFC:?]DTZTT\BSMUG14^TFU-W.0H+W

MSC+Z^:95G6'E@

ML9PYG^79]EV80RO

^*O^BE^'__``F-6_\`EG7U;_PQ!/\`
M]'%?&W_PH)?_`))H_P&()_^CBOC;_X4$O\`\DU_.W_$J'@I_P!&^SWI_P`U


M_AB?_HXKXV_^%!+_P#)-'_$J'@I_P!&^SWI_P`UCF?E_P!5%Z^MGW#_`(F6
M\4O^B^P'_B%Y1_\`._U_IZ?*7_#`OBK_`**7X?\`_8U;_Y9T?\`#`OBK_HI
M?A__`

M_P!5%Z^MGW#_`(F6\4O^B^P'_B%Y1_\`._U_IZ?*7_#`OBK_`**7X?\`_8U
M;_Y9T?\`#`OBK_HI?A__`,)C5O\`Y9U]6_\`#$$__1Q7QM_\*7_`.2:/^&(




MR6-D&DE2$


M;%5






XE\B(R;-C!J
M_2VO./B?\)/A]\9=#L/#?Q(T!O$6BZ9K
_$O\`^;&OD_\`5C'_`
V#
M_P#FOY?]0/D_O\`(^L_UTP/_0JQ7_A?3_\`F/U_I:_$W_#2OP?_`.A@U#_P
MF]?_`/E?1_PTK\'_`/H8-0_\)O7_`/Y7U]L_\,*_LL?]$PE_\+WXE_\`S8T?
M\,*_LL?]$PE_\+WXE_\`S8T?ZL8_^;!_^%-?R_Z@?)_?Y!_KI@?^A5BO_^G
M_P#

MZ^V?^&%?V6/^B82_^%[\2_\`YL:/^&%?V6/^B82_^%[\2_\`YL:/]6
?_-@_
M_FOY?\`4#Y/[_(/]=,#_P!K%?^%]/_`.8_7^EK\3?\-*_!_P#Z&#4/_;U
M_P#^5]'_``TK\'_^A@U#_P`)O7__`)7U]L_\,*_LL?\`1,)?_]^)?\`\V-'
M_#O[+'_`$37_PO?B7_`/-C1_JQC_YL'_X4U_+_`*@?)_?Y!_KI@?\`H58K
M_P`+Z?\`\Q^O]+7XF_X:5^#_`/T
&H?^$WK_`/\`*^C_`(:5^#__`$
&H?\`
MA-Z__P#*^OMG_AA7]EC_`*)A+_X7OQ+_`/FQH_X85_98_PB82_^%[\2_P#Y
ML:/]6,?_`#8/_P`*:_E_U`^3^_R#_73`_P#0JQ7_`(7T_P#YC]?Z6OQ-_P`-
M*_!__H8-0_\`;U__P5]'_#2OP?_PA@U#_`

MF$O_`(7OQ+_^;&C_`%8Q_P#-@_\`PIK^7_4#Y/[_`#_`%TP/_0JQ7_A?3_^
M8_7^EK\3?\-*_!__`*&#4/\`PF]?_P#E?1_PTK\'_P#H8-0_\)O7_P#Y7U]L
M_P##O[+'_1

M85_98_Z)A+_X7OQ+_P#FQH_U8Q_\V#_\*:_E_P!0/D_O\@_UTP/_`$*L5_X7
MT_\`YC]?Z6OQ-_PTK\'_`/H8-0_\)O7_`/Y7T?\`#2OP?_Z&#4/_``F]?_\`
ME?7VS_PPK^RQ_P!$PE_\+WXE_P#S8T?\
*_LL?\`1
)?_]^)?\`\V-'^K&/
M_FP?_A37\O\`J!\G]_D'^NF!_PA5BO_``OI_P#S'Z_TM?B;_AI7X/\`_0P:




M$L73I4W5J8J%:


OPI+
1X_\`#1&XX/V[
MJ

M\1F&(I5J

M`

#O_L*/^%R_G_H?_#7
M_@=_]A7U;_PPM^RS_P!$QF_\+WXE_P#S94?\,+?LL_\`1,9O_]^)?\`\V5'


M*C_AA;]EG_HF

MA7U;_P`
+?LL_P#1


MG_
?AO*__
!Z_?\`=\I?\+E^%/\`T/\`X:_\#O\`[C_`(7+\*?^A_\`#7_@
M=_\`85]6_P##W[+/_1
9O\`PO?B7_\`-E1_PPM^RS_T3&;_`
+WXE__`#94


/\`7/*O^A7F/3_F/PWE?_F`]?O^[Y2_X7+\*?\`
MH?\`PU_X'?\`V%'_``N7X4_]#_X:_P#`[_[OJW_`(86_99_Z)C-_P%[\2_

#O_L*/^%R_G_H?_#7
M_@=_]A7U;_PPM^RS_P!$QF_\+WXE_P#S94?\,+?LL_\`1,9O_]^)?\`\V5'


M*C_AA;]EG_HF

MA7U;_P`
+?LL_P#1


MG_
?AO*__
!Z_?\`=\I?\+E^%/\`T/\`X:_\#O\`[O%OVA/B1X!\2??Q'I
M.@^+M$U;4YYM'EAL;*Z\VXECMM6M)[AT38`1#!&\KDD81&/.*_1;_AA;]EG_

@1D'J.H

X]--3PEU9K_`&FM:ZM_U`[7O^!5/C?+*4X5(Y7CW*$HSBI8_#.+E%Q:

M[(H46.-=[LSMM10-SLS-C+
22:EK[F*M%)]$E]R/S4****8!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444

M37I.E?\`*1[Q[_V9)\)/_5[_`!KK[;H`^%_A!^WW\.?BS\7?#/P3O/@U^U9\
M&O&OC;P]XP\1^W^/O[/'CGX5^'O%5OX#31)_%&G:-XAUJ33IM8TZQUZQU'








M5'!?_@_/O_G'_5GY7_?S_A
=._Y]=0_[]VO_`
F4?\)CIW_/KJ'_`'[M?_DR


=._Y




A
MF-M=(C03B*:*3RI&V2(V&'[.?!OXG:+XZ\.:-XIT27.C^(HE
UH9DGGTC58R

MRW/(8&EBL9@:D_95


KA(X[)IXVK0PF

MBPV(3E&4$I?0-%%%?NI^


M7DU&T81:]I6J-QHTE*]G5J6:@FTU%/WIRME-J+Y\3BJ6&BG/FG4F^6C0I)
M3KUYW2Y*-.ZYK73J3DXTJ


:.*I1G?DK58I2EXQ








MO53N^50\1C



M3=`TJ-C']KU*Y2W6:?R9KA;2TC)
U]?2PV\\D%A9QSWEP(I/(@D*D!PA.I*

8I:M


N];OH`\8#B
M6\\3:VUA-)#(

M
!O\P94CPU'FJI8_2]G6A2A)0QRC7A*4TZ]+FP47&C!0C*:KJA6Y:L.2C*


M/

-%J_A[4H[;5+$QO(L32
MR6YMGERD
\N
U
L'74'5C&-6G&J3G0J0K*G324JRIRE.@G)J-J\:;4FHM*
M6A5/


MN6^BZ1\

MQ+DL,OZ$44`?D7^QW\0/A5IG[0/BW^
_BS]H_X9_MD^+/AYX;^&LWP8_;`
MU[P')?W_`(6\'Z_KOBM9/@-XW^'^DZ?\+OC?H$NN^.+^:?Q)X`\0Z]KB61TZ


GP^/V*?VI


_9D\+W?A+X'?












S@VG)0<Y-0I1DTW:=:;C2IJR;;G.*


RXD-








M5-Y;?9)V)NK157)!S+``$CD+%F+R+C;*3@D[7.2Q-=/7YS_LB?'&?QUX6M]!




3,I4_;4I2I3J494ZD_\`'+C#
MA3-N.)
VX7SNE[/'Y3B94)SBI*CBJ$DJF%QV%E))SPN-PTZ6)H2:4E3J*-2
M

M$4=SJUXOER8L=/NG
;JI4_7T*



M^(=*T_7-$OK?4M)U:T@O].O[5_
M[JTN4$D
T;8!`96&Y'R1L&CD1'5E%+^
MV9/^?=/^_K?_`!NOE^_O?%O@CQ1K/PJ^'5O#9P?$6Y\7^&=3+PS6OPSBFOQ


M6
\




M%6?\2I)KFITY6BXX:#5.FDN?VE53JSWHX2=24
5CVJN(352E03OAL%*R:C1A
M\-6O3M9XVHG5E)U'06&HU/81U**R_PU[3TF_P_?_V5']KVGI-_W[_^RKC/

M[](\1Z7/)I?B;1)?GQ+I&N69CO[//F2;X4E-M

M]E1_:]IZ3?\`?O\`^RJZ=6I1FJE*I.G-72G3DX22::DKQ:=I)M-;--IW3
JU
M&CB*

M2'P9=SQ66C?%.W@CMY]-ED6)+;3_`(BZ;!&EO823S%X+?Q1IV[2[J7R!J-KI



U'4/#?PPOUT3PQIEY-I?


.58I)8.DFTX.R171\;75E)!K?\*]\?6`G?0_C-XE

M=C$`#A/*M;'0;UE).7(U%'88`92`:]BHJ88FK3YDO924^7F52A0JI\DXU%;V
MM.?+[T(\W+;FBG5X-Q=2R_NS4:T&KVE2Q6*HRU3BUST:T)--/9NU[.UTFO




MX.=OJD::OB
31HRY9OV

N6
HTHRI4W.:Y'&K6A4A?FE34;-Y1QTJU
P7%W:6B[KJYM[9





:BL84L-.*

7,7)J;G_;8Z#;J8&G.%THK








QQI%/:7^HV]I%YBQZ3*9
MK[5171#%5X1C3524J49.:HU+5:*E**A*7LJBE3YI1C&+ERWM&.ONQMR5L#A:
MTI5'25.O))/$T'*AB;1^%?6*+A5
]
M&NO`/CMUD

`/'DXBB3Q=;VT;2MH.N
M;`D5MXVT^V0RR!$2#Q#9HVH62YAOX(M71I8B%6KAU&E4IIU*F%<W*]*R<JF



M7@\N&6





M]I[:EY52%7*^6KA[U

M5='5E)!!JW7`TTVFFFFTTU9IK1IIZIIZ-/8]9-22E%IQ:3333335TTUHTUJF
MM&@HHHI#BBB@`HHHH`*_,W]N7_DDUK_`-CQIO\`Z*UOTRK\SOVY`6^%%HJ

MW_Z*+_^DU3\F**\Y\%_&/X/_$E?$C?#CXL__XA)X


-&GB:
M

M'HUC=:IK&M:U?VFE:1I&F6

(5*J\/&K&C*NJ<O8QK3C.<*3
MJVY%5E$YQIN7-*,)R2:BVNAUJ*K1P[JTEB)TJE:%!U(JM.C2G3A5JQI-\\J
M5.=:EI447&$ZM.

MK6)[BZO+V\N7BMK2TMH(Y)[BYN)8X8(8WEE=(T9@S3=2TW6=.L-7T?4+'5M)


-:A^T;^SOI/CT?K5?C_\
M#M


MJR2A%RBI23DKX8S'8'+Z4:^/QF%P-&=6&'A6QF(HX:E.O44Y4Z







M
9J
TFW&7).$^5V?+.


-4Q%3EH91Q-.


D-SXC^(7BV\

/3



MX)0E2LTM)1QM7!U8^]%-4FGS)\K]S^W6?_/S#_W\7_&C[=9_\_
/_?Q?\:XK

M
/\`W\7_`!H^W6?_`#\P_P#?Q?\`&ORD^#7_``4.UWXR^*/VD/AO8_LP^)?
M_P`7/V8_VC_AU^SCXV^&FN?&GX63ZMJM_P#$+2[+Q-;_`!T'5-.:;2Y?!5A


/@#6/%GAS
M4+71?%4^G6^D3R!+1[I;S




MJXRC&-DW^\]K@
;!T?XL?JU24H**4G]'?;K/_GYA_P_B_XT?;K/_GYA_P_

MK






MP9EGU`CS98UB(S_BSK2Z9\
_'-W;7$/V@^'+^QA*S('635E72%D0AMP:$WWF





N2
M.\VFHWLVTI.RE)13E*
6Y1C[TDHM




M3#9:1!`7D2`VLJPR-$4-=N%E]7A4QGN^T@U1PZE_S^G%N=51::G]7IZ\KLHU

&F:5IEK#9:?I]G!!#;6EK`@2*&&))0%55'7EF;+
69

M;;;NV]6V]VWU;/1C&
(QA*C&*48QBE&,8Q5E&*5DDDDDDDDE9';?VQ;?\\K
MC_OF+_X]1_;%M_SRN/\`OF+_`./5^`G[77[?7[5?P@_X*7?;]C/P-\1O@+X






T49Y8XI7=\PI26(P46E+$X7FQ5%3P\
M955%2K3I1J3J24(4J6
KU)N_LXT

MU2?ZR?VQ;?\`/*X_[YB_^/4?VQ;?\\KC_OF+_P/5^;_`(/_`.@7A/QS^V!



M9XX6

=G9HH4!I'KT'^T;__`)^?_(
/_P`16]3$NC3GA
+5





\$^&-;\5ZP93
M8:)837DL



_!.E

M/B'1=&L[F^B]5_MF3_GW3_OZW_QNOSV_;A_9D\=?'?Q]^QO^T!\*;W03\4_V



M\8^*FTSQ+IW0?\%/^?O[0OQ_\`'?PSTO\`9S^$/[

MTR71_`GQ:M/C?X9_:UT[XS_&33+G7]/\/27`\*:[X2N?$?B71VT2[M+/Q!\2

M##TZ


!?Z]I_P




MN0J9OEF'HX_#K%5(*BL70AB:O)&KB#[E_9._;L^'W[9$'B75/A7X4^)FD^%]





MLZ_M
*=.5+#U*OM\/3HRJT9TL%
M6^LPQV&E#!2CGG7JU84
SK4:/UBIA
/&OA*--RI+'5)SH)PH1Q*A5I4O8UI


MV1U74]UI%(MNZ?1/VZ\_Y^9/_'/_`(FOG?6]0?PQ\5_#'B2#9:V'Q`L+CP/K
MJR2`VAUW38)M7\'WC[RA6[NUAU/0+:*W-=37EN)VD,4KZS_:UWZ0?]^W_^



M:&^)7Q3^%WP3^)/Q'^$W@+PW\6O'G@;PO?\`BK2/ASXQ^)5[\(-%\66VB*NH


_[)'QB
M^#MG#=^-OAOJWP]T[X$Z_P#O'-C96]Q;:Q9^-M9^+7PKT[6/MU;^)='TR_
MT^6
O]2?'^T^*OB_X
?$?PE\(8_AR?B'XJ\-7GAO0)/BC?\`BG2/`UJFN-'I

RWVL0Z?97EQ86
]S?VWR!XO_874?M%

M3CT^W\4^)OA@;/7O,FH:QID5[XO\`ZW;Z;J]I&VF&QO//BW6(G-*K26%Q


7VGVZ&:QX&_X*$?`77O!


P:YXGU


MP7?XDWO[8'[9?Q]\!:4)_B9-\.;OX??ML?`/2O@)XUT?Q[:R^'X]5@^(7P\T

MYC0CP7*%*+J4Z

'A5Y'_LV%RIB'2G6YL7CIPI8FGG5PZ_9+Q






E349O^S\NI







M-5(T

HR?/@;4*F*P'-&V
M&GMAJ:WIX'%*;HQMM&G3Q%+&8:A.D*&'IQ2204445R'HA1110`4444`%?F
M=^W(?A/:`#)/CG30!ZDQZ@`*_3&OS-_;E_Y)-:_]CQIO_HK4*_'/I?\F3\
M2O\`LF


M\3_#]ICX3?&'X-?M#^*-*COHM.^'_BO]G[PGIGB3PUXO\27,FGM-%_:7@R_
M\7^`O#DD5M,^L:_=VV]S+8V
CP?/_PO^-?Q`^'G_!+/]G7P5\'=;^+_`(9^


(4Z
(X/A_+*'*W+$5*G^D-7PMQ4\WQF:T



%OXR^*7C?P]X2T;]C/]FCXY77A2ST73K/PY


M+^.'AA;'X8:QXE\._%#0(F\5^'_&OA+4-)\8ZSX

R2'#;AEV.&_O#)X;WZ^]9
M4_%C)XTL7A)^'^4/+



['2].^O\`P3GUZ[\'VOA#3+;PLGB+Q?X]OOWQ_THZ/9^![8Z586GPYBT

'I9MCLRK89
M86MP[C'36-IXQ87$SA5LW2=:A2H1J1P](Q7A=FE6-5X;C7,\/B*N%QM%XWDQ
MJQCK8O)\DRRG7J5<-F^$4U@*N3?7,'










+A\-
M#C+-.3#QPT4HPQ
(5%A^'



2+]C`LI5E9D=&5T=&9'1U(9
M'1T(='1@&1T(9&`92&`-#


MPS[/



MK8BJW.52I4J.[9^QO[)GQKN_B'X+@_M4RR^+/!)M-$UZX99636K`VR+I^JRW
M+H8CJ&HV\
JZA&K
R7UN;X(L=RD
\9ZS(EO=Z_



E^.O&7[-O@;P7XK^`7_!2OX+^+?%/
MPC^-GQF\2^/M*OOV[OBX_P`7?OB31/#&O?LK?#/0_$T7P[N]+T'PWXELM7\



_UKHG_!
M5[]F37M-\+7EKH_QCAU+Q'^TWJ'['VI^$Y_ATDWB_P``?'RU\/KXIT_PEX^T


MX&5+$5
0XXJ-;R3Q!_P3Q_;P\9?M)_LT?&+QO\5OV3M=\
?LY_&#]D3XJQQ^





KC.5*=+!8;+Z]*#Y:\*.6XO$5\-+$1G&35:./KXC%J=
M:%L76YY3C7H4^2./\903\

M)Y:O0)=5L3+(1
6!=R&$4I#`L2$P01R.#D5RNL7MGKFD:KHMW]G%KJ^G

6CG
D_^8W*Z$*6[M_96*Q

`/!GQ:C\7:%/X7U

&1%AT?4
MI62TE_!7QM_P3W_:$U']FC]H'X-?#3P;\6&^#6@_';]CWXN_LF?LQ?M2_&CX
M._%KXF?#Z^^`OQM\/^./C0GP9^*%K\3/B'X
\%^`_&WP\T^Y\(_!;PG\2/C%




UAB

MIX7


M)_@E%97GCGPK\$]*L-9^+&I?`?5/$]Y'XAOK;1[:^%Q9:E(OAOPSXR^R:I_P

'<)IR8AX*=K7S+A;A_$3I\RC5I8
MK&XS&QQ4JD:^&Q6.PTW6H_4*6*P4S
:V#BL=5QU2+G0PG$=?%*HH?6N:O4P6

(0^K4L74HU&\3+#5\+[C_`
$E?V8I_P!EC]DCX=^'

MW?A[0]/^(NJW7A[2]-U\R:`^M:MI[V&G`_9S^H/]J67_`#U;_OU+_P#$5^:S

MX31_%V*R\0:II_@?4?BYXN\+:QH7P]TM]1U*^U.[@CEU:#1+)VNDZK]C#]KS
MP[^VU\#-




:I4KIQN^7EO9<VO4?VT?^?4_P#?
MX?\`QNC^VC_SZG_O\/\`XW7+?VE8_P#/PO\`WS)_\11_:5C_`

M^
(M5O?!<TU]9?&KPYXIO_#_CGP;%%%X4L]$CAT_PSINE(B/']]_V
ME8_\__]\R?_`!%']I6/_/PO_?
G_P`15PG.G'#PA.2CA:U/$8=-\_LJM+$U


MSPW\.H?V]OVE/VE?@K\(-;U_X`Z[X



G_`
11_:5C

G_`
<
M^WQT(V:]GO7SC
L1)RO%5L3*

MU7ZI*764Z2RC+X-Q7/*&'YZC;=2;^B?[3G_Y_?\`Q^+_``H_M.?_`)_?_'XO
M\*X#`]!^0HP/0?D*X#U3O_[3G_Y_?_'XO\*#JEP`2MX&8`E5:6-%9@
JK.(Y



M!%W]H7P/^S!\

M7XAWWPTTJ2:3]G/4-4_9B\:SZ7\4O%FI)'H'@/\`:6L_#'BYH)Y?%?C329+:
53_`'B5
M*K[##U*<Y5I8G#3P]%86O0I4U3/P3\??\$B/CGX;TCQQ\/OV?/%?P7\0?[Q



M@7P[;

'

M$5Y)\??A1X`_:0^!WQ@_9]^(=WJ\7@3XV_#7QG\+?%T_AV]_LOQ!:^'_`!QH
6&A^)/%7
MB'PAX<T*[_9^_:#@^)7B^\(^!3\4?%6MZ)\)9/AHOQ+U7P'X<^&('Q&UKXC


BZU_P`%(_V2/#]_\;7

=&T[Q=^SG\9;CXMZM\1;;9
MXF\

5CL12
MAB\1P_#-I4E&LL#1GA\RGQ7[.'L%B)U

MVX[]QM]453$UGEF98C#4VJ3QBSNM@LFIUJCQ





M
)X8\6Z-+JL7[3R7%Q;_``ZAL='O/#E\EC:R:Y);:E#JEK9KJ=M)I$O[/7_!


M?$SX=Z)XJL]0MY;K3?$GP_U+X@^%O#-K\0_!FJ6\+RZ9XS\%2:YX8OE`%OJC

MP++\
_`7A[5;/18]-U?7['P1!XO\8:+#X]\?ZBUSXB^)7B;PM'X)\
^)=6-A





:XNCZ_:
]GJ


?$'[5
M6F_'KQOI/AW7=

M4TWP]JOA35='U'PQX=N=


GAXXK&1JU++&1E*I5PDL+B
M(X=U5]7Q%3^SJ.
C@\KAB


=7


MC'QO\



M%]X#\1ZH'BU&*+7I]7\



MC6EB


M-XMTSX@0?LI6\
OC?PG\2$\)_#O5M+^#'B#Q!:7VF^)/!6BV7B;XJ^)8_#]_

MKZ?9WD&V!K9+1H826


MAXZU;XA?$OP9)\.?''CKQY\1-/\`BW:^//B=XOUWP!-)X*;Q%\1_$7BK5M/\


MK^SYNEXJ=7EOK:4[=3Z#HHHKB/3BBB@`HHHH`*_,W]N7_DDUK_V/&F_^BM0
MK],J_,W]N7_DDUK_`-CQIO\`Z*UOQSZ0G_)D_$K_LF

M_P#LHL)_Z35/R9HHHK_$(_V`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_1+]D?X8
M:=X1T'5_CWX]:+3K.VTR\?PN]V)U;2]%MX[I-=\17%NT:^9/J4:I9:''$)9&



U_XRZEI
MDA@BT_0=

L&DZMN_N;Z(/@^LRQ[\6.(
QPM36']J.I752E4RB2G_(G
MTF/$OZMAO^(8Y+C)8?%9IA(X_C3
*#3GE'#*E&?U%24HJ.
S=*
9T)3@ZF#G
ZK^U3XSLWM],F74?#GP2T*Y<.=)\+P7%WIM[
MXAFLW$JVFJZAY=S:ZBG$ET;C59%BCT]]-:5?&FDMX;^*_Q`TB0$0:U<:=XX

TH0H*+@W[&248J<8./^;W
M%&8?6:U#-8494L-E$J<,+A(/G6&RB-.IA:M'FM%R]A1KSS&O.,5+$8JC.HXI
MU9(\8P/0?D*,#T'YO
4U6\D19$U&=T=5='2X+(Z


ZUJ=]?W?BV
MXNGDUUW(0K^AW]I7_P#S_P!S_P!_F_QH_M*__P?^Y_[_-_C5+PJSA+E6;8)






MS?XUT2\-
_G5]L\WRY575A7E.%&K!U*L
!E&60E5Y

MWBC@B+^7$BHJBO./[2O_`/G_`+G_`+_-_C1_:5__`
_]S_W^;_&HGX89Y4I0


MRKQA&-1)^[&2E-3XW^`?&/Q8\!R^#O_P`5O$/PGU.37_^O1^+M'\-^'?&
M5_`_A37]/\36-I%I'C.VO]&59M6TK3I9;L0\CAADA@DC$[L/SEUS_@D=\/W
.;PW.HQLNNZ%+)!

M_P!!-?\`P7Z;_P#(E:U
ES.IBL/C99'PXL3A*\
3A:D
_P`X@L-7ABLHQRJ4

A5*D_KF191BFH047B


OB9XK\


G%_698;#N3:

SX?:/\:/@]^T!\3?'\_[0WQ4^%/PP\+_``ENO%7Q


ZT)UZZISA&O6C-0

2)3<VK'9GS+6X\VVDSR)(F!KXV\8_&/
M6?]C'_Q
7O=6U*0V6BZ39:?9OJ.IZC*\=O#:6


MGN_Y)_\`$5Y/_:M[_P!!Y_[_-1_:M[_`-!Y_[_`#4?\0GS?_H99?\`^`8K




G='5D8I)&X-L!OBD5

QRR49+17C)




E*I/#


P0KEF.3
M6G_;NJ_\_H_[\6O_`
:KII^%O$%6$*D




0&

R1):M_6LPLEIK_R*_/\`+OHI8^A,IR4XQBG*4I*
MC&



M1P9GV



L_^;//\^S#ZW0_



--_]%:A7Z95^9O[<O\`R2:U_PQXTW_`-%:
MA7XY](3_`)
GXE?]DQB__3M`_6/`O_D[WA__`-E%A/\`TFJ?DS1117^(1_L`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!5FRLKS4KVSTW3K:6\U#4;NWL;SAF:ZO+N5(+
M:WB#


MHT:\WBLXS&







M/#!N5@L5V*=1N%ABW6\^LEH?KS]FKX




M9^TE5Q


DW=XZK




7E_5D'^OF?=\%_P$D/\`Y(]8_P$Z\.?]`W4O_`'3_\`Y/H_X3KP
MY_T#=2_\`=/_`/D^O)ZS-6UC3=$LI]0U2[BL[2V56FFE/RH'<1H2%RS%Y(T
6^H6TLVE_M39V=II]I:V%A:V]C8V5O#:6=
);6-0TL
M.GZI=:/J@<*/4-4ED5$_42BO'RW-<?E&)CBL!B)T*JLI<NL:D%*
TNU3(B;M-\M
MJY.8+B9`7&Y'<02QK+'*DD3*&61&5T9`0RNI*LI!!#`D$$$'!!K]K_%_P`/



M5DK4;I.5U=W:2V;//AX;9DY)5
QP
/O%44VB^&+2$31*]VMW<Q[KF$PN94@L(-0UJ
M:VF$L.D1S6TBC]:/`G['/[.'P\FM[S1?AEI&HZK;E736/%4]_P+=1\U=V)D
M;Q!=7]M:O\Q&+&UM8P
*$`50/I:"VACM[:&*WMX46.&"-(H8HU&%CCBC


F[


+14)Q;Q*C95*=5P


M7357Y1DF(IN,9J='X6I'EFE*+;C%V4EJKVOKYGP4N(N(83G3GFV94ZE-I5

M/_`1?_CE
4$@`L2`H!)8D```9))Z```DD\`#FMO]4^&4F_[!RFR5V_


)(HY#9PRS7-W)''-J=[?20P&'B/C

MA*LDTJB36=+UP
5'YWA^*
IQF8N6;Y5['+E&%+#4\LQ6/P3PE.
FWS4\)BJ$

MQ%*O+U)IQBX5)RI8BJO;5:F'E.I-_'_`/PGUI_T+P_\[?_`.0Z/^$^M/\`


M99'A989XV:*8I





U


HV;XO!]REUI:FYFDL]?M+@O8S_`#%?
N`


)TL/[-R=W6IU_;5I3J)QG*K[5OFA*%:-*'*_:PM'CNMA*N+PT
3AU*














MT


IPE[.





M_P`S;#=+?]2[R_K6Y_K_`)O_`-`.3?\`A+B__F\]A_X23PE_T$)__`/5/_D.

R2Q


5HK2^A
ML+B-EN_#G@Q&DNM$TNX$A:6+4-4:X;7-5AD=I89;FVM[D1WL%U&OW30``
`8
M`X`'0#THK\5J5)U:DZM1\TZDI3F]KRDVV[+1:OH?IEC2P]&EAZ,%C0IPI4
MH*[4:=.*C-VVW:*2NVV]VV[L****@UBBB@`HHHH`*^)/V@_A-J?QD\'Q^%




M\JZ_GS_B4[P/_PB`S7_`,3'/O+_`*J'U_'R/WS_`(F0\4_^CCY/_P(;@O+

$^

EU

1#_`*.(^.O_`(/]+_\`E71_PQ$/^CB/CK_X/]+_`/E71_Q*=X'_`/1`

_\,1#_HXCXZ_^#_2__E71_P`,1#_HXCXZ_P#@_P!+_P#E71_Q
M*=X'_P#1`9K_`.)CGWE_U4/K^/D'_$R'BG_T<?)__$-P7E_U(/7\?(^0O^&
M?&7_`$4+PW_X(M6_^2Z/^&?&7_10O#?_@BU;_Y+KZ]_X8B'_1Q'QU_\'^E_
M_*NC_AB(?]'$?'7_`,'^E_\`RKH_XE.\#_\`H@,U_P#$QS[R_PJA]?Q\@_X
MF0\4_P#HX^3_`/B&X+R_ZD'K^/D?)MA^P3XC^WV1U7X@:*^EB[MVU*.QT/45


M/_#$0_Z.(^.O_@_TO_Y5U[G\#?@#X5^!=CXD71M3USQ+K_C#5(M3\2^+/$TU
5KO4+^XEF8SJD7Z3P!X2<$^&T
SP


M6QL8$M[:%``

8QA&
(148Q2C&
4HQC&*LHQ2L

&51]J-

M[H^EZS:D

MY1A*C$*L7&48JRNM6U?6]G'XK









0U%KR.)L
MM&BM\U?

LX



MQQR$!IECT]#

M1C.


%RPQ^-@KWM'%5TKO=NT]6[:MZGG/)


\D.E:!I=EH^G1
M228
LB66GP6]NLDI`





8J
M..P6&Q:BG&


MB?\`C;.`


M6;/;?=7?=W_'+1/V



[S1VEY=W5NTCRM/%


M?$*[DDNKO4;*S2\\



MRRHCJRKN-KVC*N[^T[`].%NX&;G_`&%=GR

&OV;\4_`[X-^-F9_%





M


MG@?#W)L-*-3%U

VDK/V5&*JM7NW&IB*E.2M&4&D^;\^/@9^



M:-+#TH4:%*G1HTXJ%.E2A&G3IQ6T80@E&
5T44D%%%%9F@4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
A44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'__9
`
end








begin 644 tp53.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@``9`!D``#_[``11'5C:WD``0`$````9```_^X`#D%D
M;V)E`&3``````?_;`(0``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0(`@(`@(`@(`P
#`P
#`P
#`P$!`0$!`0$`0$
M`@(!`@(#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#
M`P
#`P
#`P
#_\``$0@`
@#D`P$1``(1`0
1`?_$`+\```(!!`
!`0``````

M``4#`@

M(V

ELR&/`C&&;B
MBF0'9'1TLM]:@$A`VWC;H``8P`(7')B!J&$O,%%*)PTXIV+4MT?4.$)QGB9

U':SJ
M
AHY(BBZZ!3J'*52IZ`(AJF[NZ3HVA9U7%Q1*2K3*9QPRQAQ2U::A9;'?#3=




3`M]DG62ZC&
M^B^65JXBVT6$SMGQ!+/9)EDI9&T;9$.7G556


M40-;\*J)0%

M*KXIM6D`DIP@(3[K\=47-SUS_P#G;`[).



5KW&O

+4B2/7CD'B+`?#%\[!

MO&VX2[-NQ\'8\?79;N49#&;5R'JT&[U^I
C&
'BB:BP&]XH%.(TH-=;-1]+$
MW3;AKFU$K4U
F9E@/X0BU7!
DJAOK&#VZ93'EI3%Z)
BWK*VW#OKG1C`
FT:








CG'J2N0ZJ1
S!Y+


MG;-&R7

S

1VQVE[8G[I$/-02N2_Y=%F=(2\2IND&Q.;V


F3^H#NEO%JN

TC4T&I1


Y_*]8:)=
MVZ?+69727J$



M.T0
M5A(Q7E
59M;@)JB#U=




M@NSHJQ


-J


;@`#[=2G53JI46QLV.UGVT@


(N;*Q
M[9N-[9B+-L2B[9M2$*8D-!139-HP9%.H951-LV3`)D


MUM7'


J$`.3





M
K/7TFWK/TP#%-4)%U=NI2Z=)FM
MH9`CL!QPQA)9+I*U9PLM<&Q3?'=-Q7)<LEMSR0YD;CN9G)!P2$=DLYDI)T
M]Y$S+44$$2+`7C772&U+[M&DMMOHU5:012C4-)SQB'JJ8E0T2)&<8G_`$]-

M:Y4ZU7NEK[_]-15)=I&D*5*1`02





M8\




M[T^Z

M%U?F=9*5@4W#U
JBK*V(^A3*LG1RBN92164
90:T
-:CIUUTW+5/U[-DI'5)





8E+K]0]110#[A9\@K`9,AA;,
M^0IS`)C5+Z?L`H_JT:V[V(IM9*CJ20?[BNWOA!BLFG3/$P5G;AU!]Z(]

M1N=NS+DQ.W=#799F.\4.W+=N0S&0?/R-91PP*12+J*J`4$!H.L?WMMW9RM



R*2;HD


M2J0`Y0SZX:E(B?D224#D

0C$0ZM:G47V67A!)3T3NL$C+TJ3LY
M7LL@U7!


MIMS&H%5$TU@`=4:[
FAN03+&8'PSA]3K]Q&HB1A13YD/IR73*76CO@QRPD;@


0]YI%NOH=3D$$??'%T6NMOB[$F
;

M4AM7JYPSBMU!-GB
(


-0Y/3U$0XZV__`!]4Q:KLZPZH:'4_
Q&7
R.9*C0XC


.%0[-0/4B_4&W]M


=.[


QQBGUJ7%


:`T;%'BHHJ@)


M&1**E3``=H_5JJ+H*P)`6B?@9P^1)L``Y=L13W=8(V_[S
-O\&91O)HWM:YI
M)E

MSL9*OFZ)&CUFH\:+O'ZA$RIN3J-_$

M0D1A`F=\'3
Z=^XBYTG^8HV+QO?+9NNX3F+9

M@QFQ47?

R*P
ME8?U-OW?&^&LTD(HAF

M\W-7E`*B4::U&W]4K[24J6'6&:@C\RP9GLRB+7:*=9U!2@8C
G\MGLR1E2PB



M^'P6=



M[ZL4CA2*:2MPM'J)4S-P*L]*W]0IS-TT^('I^O5UW%U$W=N2WF@JFF6VRB4T
MZIX]_;2:1#?'#=%N2.*Y9J-




M/\MOU!1*9
`L@H`!SJ'&83


M1J7(NV/J\;K+HPQ9^Y8N*D

DH;G2`2B!B


(ZF:9Y(6%+/



MOK+RER

_1%
7PCB4HM].W*NF



M+
:6P
C'W9)SS^^9A!8IW%PJ-'ID&7K%

NF5HM


MX


&





FP#*T1G+G]9;\)'OSR)1
M9$0(11PJZ




M`




M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^_BBBB@`H



M(-





%OV?]^)7




MI
!O]8N;=9K=KR#3FLTNX)9TE`!^DM%?G5:ZQ^VO\+=8_9YU;QSXN\`_$CP/


\)ZKI^O\`@_4)



M[P7\
O%7[

MH^FHE\KW48M!





WA;2

M/V5_^B^E_M%?MW_`+;/['QLM#TZ']FD^`;KP)JL$UPFJ^/=*UG39K;QOJ6
M]P_EW5IX3\7V\N@7%U8H88[@I%*PDZ_FS?\`_!3C]L76O^T7QW_`.;&@:]
M\+/#_P`-/!7PUN/'?@WQIJ?A^O/$EGJ,_@2Q\5VECKTW]N6UA?:7;7]XT$H
MM[2RN)+&-4-RLV9J`/Z;:*_`+]B3]OW]M3]O7]FK2?%G@GP_\-O`?Q%\#?M6
M?$;X'_&GQL?#.LZOX(N/`OP]\,:_K^
_!NBS^((+F/^W-8C\.:!'(=8UBVM




MA?\`!1W]M3QCK'A#QK\
/@=\;_V0(/@U\._C+HGC#PU;O;?$GPWJFE:YI%UK






M]JU@+ZYF6XTOS;+]Y:JQNOLLN(CZC_P6%_8


M'_@H?XL_;:_91TZZ^&G[0G[0DWQJ^#
GCB^^'GC;1[
6WB7Q3JVG3:QH.G:_


7A;X

M[P]XD^'_`(`U&+Q7X










MG[5'Q^_X+5?M
_M$^+OA7X[\%?LO?'3X.W'PFTSXI^%?B%X3T3Q=X?U&;X;Z






M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#E_''_`)?B_\`[%?Q!_Z:;NOQ8_8D^+_Q;_X9_P#@
MO\+/AUX`\$^*IO`'[#O[














M=XC'B?Q+K.GZ'HOANS^&WQ#U#7[RYU7PI=^-M/NQH]EX:GOXM&N_#6G:I?PZ
MY-!'I+MI&KVJW9NM

M^_&'@VXN/!_CD:@?WB32X_%NB:
VKZ/JK:3J





MF7_R07XC_P#9W'[8W_K27Q(K]$*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#E_
M''_(E^+_`/L5_$'_`*:;NOS\_8`_Y






T2'Q'?7AM-8:Z'OWPV^*_[8=EXLTG2/B)\2]$\

?#GQ#\^/OAIX-77_*:3\+;W7A\5]0GN?[%TW4+B#XD:3+X`O-#
M:VL;E5N_%%U%X=^V66G\F_7-UM)8VAD%I)T9B:&3R'B:)@`T31ME#&P`!C



Z=JUE/#




2$)'%%&JHB*`JJ``*G\R+_GK%_W]C_^*H`?3D^^O^\O\Q47F1?\
M]8O^_L?_`



$21HJC]
:*`/S5_X=._LB?W?C]_
MXE+^T-_\\:C_`(=._LB?W?C]_P)2_M#?_/&K]*J*`/S5_X=._LB?W?C]_XE
M+^T-_P#/&H_X=._LB?W?C]_XE+^T-_\`/&K]*J*`/S5_X=._LB?W?C]_XE+^
MT-_\\:OB?X^_\$]OV?O!?[4?[&GP\\.ZO\?K'PI\4_$OQ,L?&VF_\--_'R;^
MU[70/`.I:QID1GF^(+SVXM]1@AN`UM)$S%-K$H64_P!`5?F_^U/_`,GM?\$\
M?^QP^,O_`*JW5Z`*O_#IW]D3^[\?O_$I?VAO_GC5!)_P2F_8[AEA@EF^.\4]
MR66WAD_:J_:26X9%+NL
;?$@/*40%V$88JH+'`&:_3&O@C]KI]/3XX_L+F%

MPZO_`&

J3G_AJ_X_XA=I#J2G_`(65B-FE5HE5\$R*4`W`B@?\
M$K_V,VFAMEOOCB;BYC$UO`/VK_C^9IX3G$L,0^)6^6,X.)$5E.#@\5^85OH_
MBI?&7P+FO(O%*^=#U34Q^VE92W

/D7-E:^*T\2WIM
M[*`L-#N8GFN!8^3(?:OAY\!/$MEH'PI^
DWC748_BEXB\0^(-&^$7AB[M;N?
M7E^&^E?$_P`37OP]O=)EN)WUJP\-:/\`#S4]!?Q)H6G36)U;2[::.\DBENI9


M013_`/AT[^R(.@^/W_B4O[0W_P`\:NQ_8&^
NH_$SP5XZ\


_A+3))KBZN9[)YIYY78O)+*[.[$LS$G-`'TP/\`@H[^



MB\3_``%T/6/BIXMTK3-;L_%/@WXA^%?CMXGAFT[2=(T?3/#7AK7?[1\`:9IA




M^+--T;2M5N[W]MWP9X&O/%UOJIU#Q5K7@B\^/UOX3U#P]

MTM[9[LK%&4N5D


M#UBGB'PSI-A^UEX&^%WC7X:_$G3%T:W_`+-UO7]!O[^W?3S=W$-V\/B73Y(C



(/BC


M50`!7Z
4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'+^./^1+\7_P#8K^(/_33=

CN;M+59KR&QMH[PM

-!%;*$2:*22.55`$B.ZLK,#UE%`
M'AOQ$\6?'X9W_PJ\+^*_#VG)-\3_&<GPR\`65KX;MKVV?7]3T35/$-YITFR









'C#4-4M[J;R[?7/#MQ
6%Q;Q;F[+YDB[CV&37X)?!;X5_ME_#PO\`!_29?V
K



6J^
Y?B#?_`/!-S6Y?
M&

VB_LX6OQVTM/&7AVTT+0-7LWLH+



FN+']T+NWG24_%NA?LR_$?3+O7-?U/_@F



MA\::7XR/Q`T_59M86Z75[N*S\7%=9M].NKV;3HIHH(UM1#!$B@'3^

M-1^'UO-#%XETJ(WFBZI;7
%JRW


M9Y)K6[%M/Z#S+Q#\_B3XMU&?5_$_\`P3
U/Q!JMUKJ^(KC4=7_`&IX;Z\D



M'7#X=BN]4T_S/V=?$'QZTCPSX;T^#7X-7E\7+I%OX?GNX4T+4M


:OX9_X)^WNFZ#\+D\:7_A#PR?
MC]X2U&*+Q?\`$Y$GB7QKJNJZK#?:GJFOR6;WVG6%S+.CVUIK.LQRO<+=0V
M`/L'_@F7_P`D%^(__9W'[8W_`*TE\2*_1OB/_@G]\+_`(F?GX!ZAI/Q<\-
MVO@_QMXK^-'QZ^)][X8M-7MM=30['XG_`!=\7^.-'TZ75+-5M;NYM]+URUCN
M7@'EB8.!TK[<H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BFNZQHTCLJ(BL[NQ
MJJJS,Q/`5023P`



-@?LK?]'#_``=_\.!X;_\`




MROR+D1K.(48/7+P?M??LMQP0QS?M&?!V:9(HTEF_X3[PTGFR*@$DNP:@0GF


M%B\.^





9EL+8



VO_#[
MQ;H7C70K;5-4T.XU?PY?1ZC80ZSH=Y+IVLZ7)/#E4O=+OX)K.]@)W07$4D3X



MA237]&=;O7)8KF&Z



ZCJ-]X=TRYO;[PYO63^PKJXFM7EFTD2*L@L78V


MUN]K8RZ?#_HOD0QHL
7[L`+Q0!^$L7[5/P8\
#PMX3T;]C#X
_%.R@\!?L]:

+=&L7\/WUYH-YH_Q

MK7QU34_A?X#U#4FMM/LSJ%YX2T:XO#::5):RZ7;?:9;-I/(TZ6RLY+&(-LMI






4`?*'_!+G3;#

MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B








MT[XOQ:;K.O?#WXL^


_AQ5N[VSC%]:WWAW4[75U2W^N]`_P

MEWX;^(/AV_L7FM8()A)=1-*DMM(@V/B#^U/-JG[)OQ^^/WP8M'T[6_@_HWQ*

M7`/A&#X
_M\:'H_BG65C^







MX4O;`7/A7Q?:?#K]E?PVU[I#:'97'B']H'X_:YHMWK$&K:+JMA?O;Z?X%\%/


N-3\;:E\._^


MR]CDB;P7J$$=PWQ86[^R^*O$]M)=V7QO\56OC7XG:5/-%JJS'2/%'B6RM-1N







GER6


MM+R&'4Y+J*P$/A_P[HVG)!9)!`(K&(^7O+
7_#OX(?#KX5Z_\3O$W@K2KW3M
M9^
'BJ+QIX]NKG6]8U-=4\06^AZ9X;M[JU@U&]N8-(@M]%T?3;QTJ.TLX8


L;:/9ZTU










M














MH&3RB19ICA8A97!VQL0'*D@5+]ML]VS[7;;_
$.SSXMWFF/SA%MWY\PP_O


)1+:3=Y=P[;]JP2;'V2DB-MK
M;6.TX=]ML]VS[7;;_


VR)PV_!25P4C8':[#:I)XIXO+0L$%U;ERSH%$\18O&-

+$







6?@WQ'G6Y
:J&5H]N_/F+&#(R8W!`7(














$
4+G=\LLHDC


M5CBG?;;/=L^UVV_S!%M\^+=YIB\X1;=^?

/[T)C=Y7[S&WF@#X?_P=_P]


\G

)TO+=
MH3#;L$N)1*LA0QP


8V?-0!9H
MJH+^P(#]MK+ZL+F$@I<


6TSQ;O


.)G!6
L1B@W]@H):]M`%69F)N
M80`MLVRX8DO@+;N0LQ/$3';(5/%`%NBJOVVRW!?M=KN:1(E7[1%N
KIYB1@;





M-&\3W4-[XBTR*V2$1)9:U=V\%SJ5N%$=W-%')
K
H(V3\/O`[78OSX3T$WHU
M6/7!='3+4SC6(M'_`.$?BU

&$7RUV%%`'#1_#





?

K9P6&DZ7#:KI%F((].T*\;4-&LDC\K:MMI=\S7=C$!LM
M[AC+&%8YJ^G@3P9'=1WT?AC1$O(KN^OX[E=/MQ



=:;1#X;;

M][IL0`2TN6::$*YS5H?#GP$K
R^$/#P9IM8N68:7:@M/X@_Y#DQ(CR9-6_Y?

MZ74O
\O=]MDT(G2'N
^8VGG[*6

MW4$=;//#;037-Q+'!;V\4D\\TK!(H88D
DLLCL0J1QHK.[


M
7_#R+]@7_H\/]GC_P`.EX5_^6-'_#R+]@7_`*/#_9X_\.EX5_\`EC0!]3_\
M*_\`!'F)+_PBF@^9'/IEU&_]FVVY+G18C#I
ZGR\K)IT1
=FXY@3Y8RHI@^'




9T0*TKB._1`\C`NP150$D*H&`/G?XF?M$_\$SOBY\0X
M/'?C;]M3X*:G:1_3Q]\&[CP5_PM7P&GA>^\,_$B\T&\\37%VH;^UGU&
?AEJ'[-7A^;XE^#?AQ\0OB%XS\+



M3/_`&Q%




/;7%EKNFSP-H]D8I;#Q1

M




^&W@VP\-0:1K^@0Z%:Z#I\.EQ:)XJNHKWQ)I26:0B!;

KLH-;[?#SP*UVE\WA+0&O(]777TNCIEJ9TUI=#_X1


6X


+FP\/

1QP^/#
20Z=H
MNDQ(FD6:K'IGAN]DU'0+!0(@!:Z/?RR7FG0CY+6X=I8@KL36A'X#\&0Q+P

M%I?C]\$7319%^*_@%D\1V_AZ[T%QXGTDKJ]MXLO+/3_#$VGG[3_I*:_?:A8V

+^?J6HV%F
M@!G+I^=?PW_X*D:]XCBT*Z\=?!SP[X1T_P`??!?XQ_'+X?:OI/Q$O/$NF0^!


OE[S??\(Z!
MHOVDGS?[-_T3=Y/RU\`?`7_@H?8^-/!WQ+\4?'?P1I7P;_X55\'OA[\:?&$V

TL(5R35@?#OP(
MLRW`\(^'Q.C:TRRC3+7S%;Q'*L^O%6\O(.L3*LFHD?\`'TZAI=Q%9]]\6OAA



GT5[?






)HUK%XOT5Y]4?QI97FH^$
M4LHENR]PWB2PTZ_O-%6





-M%X+\-QP6]EX=TZ%-)M%CAL/-[)J/ABSC41X6WT
[:%DCL]9TZY(



MLO#6G6\


HD
MGWL





[;B

MD\?&CPI87PU'4+3XHVDVD^%-#\9W^CZW86USJ7_`!,[C35@MVF^KY_^BO@
M&V^'&H_$.\^!OAQ7TSX8?&KXE7V@VUWI4EQWP9\3^#]!OM$5I;%PVM6OC*







;Q_^RUXY




M*(M&\



^(^O_$;P)\-
C7TDWDDV
MRW'Z'6WAS0'CMVN/#/A^*9TB::%=)TV1(I653)$K_91O6-RR!L#<!G'-?&W@
M7X#_``6^#&I?`OP]!\0-1N-'U3Q+K6I_#KP/%H?@VU\`^*?B$WA*ZU&#Q#IM
MGX:\*6=EH5WI'A31M=OM'L](O=*TFY9[[4I;:^U11<C[H3[Z_P\/YB@#Y8_


6NV*^*AK6C+
MJ$MK93:AIL$$][9I(;F+X]^)O[#GQL^._P`8=9^
_CX^#+0^






YOV??@1\

'W\6Z%8WUUHGBBRA^T)8Z=XZF\


M^/.K?!3QW\


MJP@O9K/2=*B@5YT2+WWXE?\`!/K]J?5?$O[0GBGP3)\/K#5_CYX!^*MIITKZ



@
5!(!P2!GH*=0`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4

2/4#PAI1/Z5^@/CC_`)$OQ?\`]BOX@_\`

:5K^D

Z=J.KMK<L4F

M]?_`&?_`!5\+O`\5M\3M?;2O$'C[QM\



M'P#X)T^73==TS4)=2U_PYX__`+.U257G$6OHNH6MN;1?[.;IM`_;B^*%E^TE


?PB^)=W\9_V:?COX
33O%W_``I;








`TRQTF6_N)UMO$UI8:K+'-


MWVIR7'A[_@JM\9=%TUHX@EA=?!3X!:E+'(J!97^T_P#!VQ99&&\*8\J21N(
MQCT[_@F7_P`D%^(__9W'[8W_`*TE\2*_1@#\A?^&&O^A__`$EL^+G_`(87
MX!?_`#%T?\,-?\%#_P#I+9\7/_#_`+_`.8NOUZHH`_(7_AAK_@H?_TEL^+G

M`(*'_P#26SXN?^&%^`7_`



M`
UJ_P##('[6?_22/X[_`/AM_@%_\[*OO7P/_P`B7X0_[%?P_P#^FFTKJ*`/
MSB_X9`_:S_Z21_'?_P`-O\`O_G94?\
@?M9_])(_CO\`^&W^`7_SLJ_1VB@#


M\G'_`/!-?_LZ;QE_ZS/\;Z_0Z@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
'Q59W&H^%_$FGVD?FW
_[9/_@%\#__`)\E077[



MLFO-!UI;F-[W3;#4[69-8M+:[C_I-K\W_P!J?_D]G_@GE_V.'QE_]5;K%`'Q
M;\-/&/Q0^#NDZ=X;\#_L??\`!1&?P%X5MHX/`7PMUF]_9W'A+PK%9(RZ3I5K



[6?BB^GO5
I\

:-X2U.?0[FU


MD7_`8+^V'_`-F\?%+_`-134:^UZ^*/^D7_)@O[8?_`&;Q\4O_`%%-1H`^
MK_`__(E^$/\`L5_#_P#Z:;2NHKE_`_\`R)?A#_L5_#__`*:;2NHH`****`B
MBB@#\\?VR/\`DX__`()K_P#9TWC+_P!9G^-]?H=7YX_MD?\`)Q__``37_PS
MIO&7_K,_QOK]#J`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**S-;U(:/HVKZNT1F&E:9?ZD80VPRB


M0


MQ72R)
_U3P3XG\RV=_(Y++9+I?BO49PL(28W<5LWFB-)(Y/A7]I
M[_@HW;%TG_8R_9Z@:&%IY$E_:UO(GBMXP-TTB/\`!Y62%`1ND8!`
MR
NC_

YPD4?F?!Q=\
MKGA(TR['A5-+'^TO_P`%(Y3(L7[%?P!E:%S'

M-4`?J117RU^QY^T'K_[2_P`&E^(GBSP-9_#GQ7IOC_XG_#CQ1X2T[QWBK3=
M.\0?[Q[K_@/5GT[7WTS1I-2L;N]T&:ZM9Y-
LY/)F17B#`D_4M`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7Q1_P`%(O\`DP7]L/\`
M[-X^*7_J*:C7VO7Q1_P4B_Y


([33-POM5T!M/O8M8TN[L);
M6:.=HV_$SPUX=_:





MBS\.^!-6^




/BU\
OA%XXU[4]/\!:



S]K#P5\4/%7QF^.

M-]%U&Q\.ZY'!JUG9:AIQTES/!=Q0W
4QR_#?P]^(GAS]L7QW\6HOAOXGT7X7

OET_5+



5Q;W$
@DAGMYT62*:*125DCDC971E)5


MC_@I%_R8+^V'_P!F\?%+_P!134:`/J_P/_R)?A#_`+%?P_\`^FFTKJ*Y?P/_
M`
B7X0_[%?P__PFFTKJ*`BBB@`HHHH`_/']LC_`)./_P:_\`V=-XR_\`


.N:-IFOM9WS6


M:'Q/]ED+1Q260TX
8Y3
/3]


?!'B.(VNH
-&DMKV_TR*[M[+Y+R+1(8[HS1W
B)^GM4=3
MNVL-



WA_QUXH/C?QQ\'_^





M^%
'@33O$

M-#\._P!DR0:AH




M%Q9)_9%@\EK:_8;*6WL=T;$S_9_/?#R
*[&G)]]?]Y?YB@#Y=_X)E_\`)!?B


B7X0_[%?P_
M_PFFTKJ*Y?P/_R)?A#_`+%?P_\`^FFTKJ*`BBB@`HHHH`_/']LC_DX_P#X





MU^V!_P!(TOCS_P'2_9]_P#GE4C?M,?M?,K*W_!-'X\,K*596^*/[/A5E8$,
MK`_$K!5@2#P02#Q7ZS44`?C5X8^+?[1W@VULK/PW_P2R^-.F0Z;_::Z:8_B

M-^

O\`ZJW5


\UU=W

M`KPC/H0U&S^



MC`'/?\--?M@?](TOCS_X=+]GW_YY5*O[3?[7X8$_\$TOCSP0?^2I?L^=C_V4

M

M$ZCJFCZQJ7A[2OB9\8O&7C70;#4M0\/WVI:/-?IH^M69NA87]U#'*S()25-?
M=-%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7Q1_P4
MB_Y


M]?H=0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

ML5.0P62-201@@8/%?BE^SM\//VS_`([?`7X.?&G5?^B?QG\-ZG\5OAOX1\?
MW_A_1OAC\!Y-(T6[\4Z-:ZO/IFER7WP[N+UKRDNC!:F[N+BY
*)YT\LFYV`
M/W*HK\FO^&9?VP/^DEOQY_\`#6_L^_\`SM:/^&9?VP/^DEOQY_\`#6_L^_\`
MSM:`/UEHK\5/C!\$OVSO`7PH^)/CC2_^E7QQDU'P?X(\2^);&.[^%W[/PM9
M+K1M*N;^!+C;\-E/DO)`JR`,I*D@,#S7Q?\`%;QW^V+\&_#W[-_CC5_^D_Q

JOKT5]%:'


MBF/PMX:UGQS+XB\1Z3K4?]K#_A(I=3\



MSM_Q+]
LE

MGD@?\DM_9\[G_LFM`'ZR45\+?\$[_B%\3/B+^SW?W7Q;\;7?Q&\9^#_C9^T!
M\


_A2



M-+OPY$T5F@73-6NVB2?35(@NYVC5XG8J*_*=?AM^W%X!^-7Q9\8_!30KF;0O

MC;7!J\3@'Z?67[



MT#XDI%\0?A%JUSXDO?[4LF\4ZI\


MT2P@U:?Q?X;\1Z6^Q(-*:[BD8V$=E+;N`#]JO#7A#PSX-L)M'\(^&]&\
:;=

M^2^&_#O[/'B^T^*OP:\-^$/`6HZ5H'C`GXL^!+;PO90Z.OC;Q-;Z?XYDO==T
MY[**QU#6M5CU+3O$
VH@3SRW



$_!7A3P-I

M;JZFDGF9Y'9CTA4C&01GD9&
X)'\P17X7?#GXM_M5^+_`(HZM\._C)\:=4^'

/^$QU

MH`****`BBB@`KXH_P"D7_)@O[8?_9O'Q2_]134:^UZ^*/^D7_`8+^V'_
M`-F\?%+_`-134:`/J_P/_P`B7X0_[%?P_P#^FFTKJ*Y?P/\`\B7X0_[%?P__
M`.FFTKJ*`BBB@`HHHH`_/']LC_DX_\`X)K_`/9TWC+_`-9G^-]?H=7YX_MD
M?\G'_P#!-?\`[.F\9?\`K
_QOK]#J`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***






3

?!=SJ.E)X8O?'W@+2O#N



E\/?'#QKI


I\4Z_I6G6T=W8


M_#'BK7[JPT_PWX5TJR?23+XTDUG5M0AT2SN[

0!;FVC%Q;M#=P&2VGBE?QW5/V;_#'BOP'-\.O'WQ3^(?C[2X)]$ET&
M[UO7O#EAJ_A75OFN:=XC\*:KILWAK1=$CO-<\-:WHVE7VFWNOP:M=:P47)
MG$MT)76W[,UAH7A&3P[X!^)WQ\$:A?:[J?B[6O%6DW6ARZMXJ\6ZYXMT;Q;

?7?&^F6_[8&A?`NX^&






MOT.K\\?VR/\`DX__`()K_P#9TWC+_P!9G^-]?H=0`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'+^./




M0R21LR
I!!4D'@U\$-_P2T_X)]
S
/V4OAFYF;9%X8M88E+,6(CBB1QIDG

M7A'_``ZS_P??\`T:I\)?\`PG(/\:/^'6?_``3[_PC5/A+_P$Y!_C0![O
M_P`)!X?_`.@]HG_@VT__`.2:S=:\4Z)9Z-K%W!K^B+/:Z5J-S`PU;3R1-!9S



DTTP

M


T3_`
&VG_\`R33E\0^'PRYU


^&WPB\%Z#X`\#:-/J%SIGAG



MHHH`***_


J`?IO1
M7Y\?\.Y_AO\`]%O_`&M?_$F?BU_\TM'_``[G^&__`$6_]K7_`
29^+7_`
TM
M`'Z#T5^?'_#N?X;_`/1;_P!K7_Q)GXM?_-+1_P`.Y_AO_P!%O_:U_P#$F?BU
M_P#-+0!^@]%?GQ_P[G^&_P#T6_\`:U_\29^+7_S2T?\`#N?X;_\`1;_VM?\`

MPXUT_P#Z27_\%1O_`!*75/\`Y34?\.-=/_Z27_\`!4;_`
2EU3_Y34`?NQ17


LSWWAU_A[XZUUK.-Y/%C&W8ZEHVGS&:'9+B$H'V.ZM]=_\`


MUU'_``[-^%7_`$7']L/_`
2K^-7_`


_%O6
:VN8B\4L;(Q%`'[:T5SWA*ZG

MBB@`HHHH`*^*/^D7_)@O[8?_9O'Q2_]134:^UZ^*/\`@I%_R8+^V'_V;Q\4
MO_44U&@#ZO\``_\`R)?A#_L5_#__`*:;2NHKE_`__(E^$/\`L5_#_P#Z:;2N
MHH`****`BBB@#\\?VR/^3C_`/@FO_V=-XR_]9G^-]?H=7YX_MD?\G'_`/!-
M?_LZ;QE_ZS/\;Z_0Z@`HHHH`****`BBB@`K\^?B9_RDP_94_PS6?VJO_4Z
M_9WK]!J_/GXF?\I



MX7^?A[J\.I&WC=;/7+:?1]7US0%99H&OK32&N9K8RRM``?7$7[3_P``;BW\
M*7=O\5/%Q;^-9+M/#DL&JV\JWJV&I66C7TTFQF-G;6FLZEINCW-S=B&&'5-


6O

M59(I=42PLUU&6%=D
E^MO&+N2)

_\`E)A^U7_V
M:S^RK_ZG7[1%?H-7Y\_#/_E)A^U7_P!FL_LJ_P#J=?M$4`?H-1110`4444`%


M6^F6


MP&=+\7_#75/!W@=-4AU+3=7T[P8GA7P[K&O:FNO6M_`?$@\#Z/?Z%X2TBYO)

85`$48``/2****`BBB@`HHHH`*

TO3[7









MF?\`RC\_;!_[(#\1_P#U';R@#Z^\#_\`(E^$/^Q7\/\`_IIM*ZBN7\#_`/(E






M`)

MA`!^QD'[5W[/\^I^&]%/Q)T*UU?Q5J$NEZ5IE\\UC?K?1R:%#'#J5K=Q13:3


NI++4+43Q%HVFLKR&:TN45B8;B&6%\.C`?E-H_\`P3[N=2\9?$;X



M[42Z3+X7F\+P6T6II-K



U/QKX9T_4=-_9K_:5T:^

M1H7[87_AIA_\MZ__P#::^4GQZ_X*G_`+.G[=EE\?VU-^'/@#0Y;SXK?#


-
/_EO1_P\33_HT+]L
M+_PTP_\`EO0!^CU%?F_9_P#!2?P1;^*O`7AGQM\!/VD_AG;?$3QKH?@#0_$_

:R.N]E7)'Z04`%?GS\
_^
M4F'[5?\`V:S^RK_ZG7[1%?H-7Y\_#/\`Y28?M5_]FL_LJ_\`J=?M$4`?H-11

M1)%5$_9!_;!545551\)@`%4``#_`(F_0``G?\`#Q-/^C0OVPO_``TP_P#E
MO0!^CU%?G#_P\33_`*-_;_\-
/_EO1_P`/$T_Z-_;_\`#3#_`.6]`'Z/

I5F@



5/AKJW_!4K]JC1
M=


TK7^F6Y$][:




MX/\`DI'[!G_9VMC_`.JE^)U?H/7Y\?MP?\E(_8
_[.UL?_52_$ZOT'H`**\+

M]17YP_\`#Q-/^C0OVPO_``TP_P#EO1_P\33_`*-_;_\-
/_EO0!^CU?GO_
M`
%4O%_A7PK_`


MCPYI

&IZ3=PWUC--9V
%I=QQW
#O$[VUU#+;S*K$QRQNC892!Z)7XH_LA_M

/_`);T`?4W[37P

M$M)/-D58RT88R+^:/[1W_!-#XF?'6Z^*.A6WCSPAH'AGXB_$;Q%\48=;FL;N

M]&A?MA?^&F'_`
MZ/^'B:?\`1H7[87_AIA_\MZ`/!/AA_P`$R]2TOPZ]I\7;





GZJ;+78O.TG7M.N;

/AQX-UKPKKFE^(=)D\/:1;)J6CW






MQ9W4



M7M1T#6=

MM*U+Q9#J2ZCXMT;P[X67Q-;WNHZ`OA6^U-+S4-


MM+V3PGH




MG'PSJ/A?QGHMK\1M9^'_`





MIH\=CH46OV7B.[TC5M0T29%UP:0=.N9]NFYEDG;J?WPC^%?@?7M:\4^#/A
MQX)\*^)O$D^H77B#Q!X?\-:3I.LZW

MS_Y28?M5_P#9K/[*O_J=?M$4`?H-1110!^7?[`[






&J_$[3=4M_


_B_X8^'_``O\(]6ATOQZ?#AU?5+[QPO?MEXB^%%M\4HO$4



M-1DT/78/VF/BU;0:QI3744AL=2AM[F

MK?ZSIFG7^CZ=JMW?36;W$^H6.E:IJ6FVEW)(TT%E?W=M&ZPSR(P!^4?Q^_X*


\'W%

MP1H.E:KX3\

M5L(5\H+
M'7;CX#_`J&:QD_X5'\

MOM]ZFU[DVT'GNWE)M`/B+1_^BVJW/@O5_B3J_P?M[;P;;^(OVAOFA0Z/X\


M87]B+\+TO[/OP$^'G[
7P\NO`_@F=)M
FU.Z\1:OJ#Z/X0T*ZU349K*VLVNI
M](\#:#X:T!9C8:=;6T:V&BP27*VX+B:8NS`'Q=\*OVK/BV?A7;?'GXBWYO[3
MPG\1_!W[)?C3P$NI^'-+\






M.T*2S\.H)K9;SR[MK;[`N/V=/V?=1_M6Z^WPKOO[8CDAU1Y?!7AVX748GE
MT6:6*\)LF6X1Y_#?A^61)-P:71=



M8
_[.UL?_52_$ZOT'K\^/VX/^2D?L&?]G:V/_JI?B=7Z#T`?G=_P4]_Y-M\+
M_P#9T?['W_K2_P`



M`(S@G&001Z@@C@BEWO\`WV_[Z/\`C7XS^/?VL/B-^SPW[2G@SP!X7TR];X9?


77QD^*WPSATR/P5XKL];T[

MK#4K:_T_69[#7_@SI_CB[T_PI!J_BBPU1/%5OXQO7L!HRZ!K=K;^'(9[JYU4

MPU\5?VR(?VD=8;1/$^G^+[+3_P!GS0M;\2:UX8T37_A5-\.?#=UH47POU.6.





&9FR_P#@E7_R9MX4
M_PRC?'#_P!7!XTH`_19_N-_NM_(U_/=_P`$918?\%%<$C_`(V4?M%=1_T
M+OI7]+_`'&_W6_D:_GE_P".-W:Z?HO_!1^_O9XK6RLO^D'[2-W=W
S!(;



_V=*_3B@#\\?VR/^3C_`/@FO_V=
M-XR_]9G^-]?H=7YX_MD?\G'_`/!-?_LZ;QE_ZS/\;Z_0Z@`HHHH`_*']B;_D



M/?!7PTL?#?Q
L-)^('@636KN'P;\4O`

MO#]KJ6N6=IKESI][:)+



MUDN`#\[/#W[+G[7.B^'_`(
ZEX!TC6_`?Q!7XC_M8^)/'/B2_P#$OA[4QIFA


M4T^]\-_LX_%/P]\2_$OP?^*WP[^)&B:K\1_`EWJFH?%'5_AUX6TG2/B+9RQ^



M[+X5T+Q5X%\6^
=*2\;_`$





M3QK8V4D4\-C&(?ONBB@#X

MI
/VJ_\`LUG]E7_U.OVB*`/T&HHHH`_+K]@C_DB7C/\`[.E_;&_]:?\`BI7V

M\

-3A8?9OQ#_;F_9P^%E[KU





MQT76M.O8++4-/$G@K9?W*W:VC0S)+ITSPWRB*@#\CO'OPV_:)^`?PZU3Q1XR


M&_N;?3]*FBOY%?[(_9T_X*'_``W^._@#1?\`A8?A'4M'\1W6C?#[3]?MET1=





M:T+_`--=K0!TM%%%`'Y=?L$?\D2\9_\`9TO[8W_K3_Q4K[5KX._8M'B5OV=/
?$_QSUOX<P_W]GCXJ6WPO\`&=_X
\!^-3XD
MU!M4\&^#]?TK7]'L+;7O%%Q+OUSQGIVB3:.FG3O]FCDU$WT?-NH!@?MV_`7X

M)^(L%OJ/B./31XT\`2WNE^)O$?[)MAX;D^`G]G:?X^EU%/-OXLU9/',OB*





7[?\(S
OCKJLGQA^$OP0^'=C
MIIU_XF_#WQ;\6[OQ1XIM=333O#W@3P=J'A#39HT\/QC3[_4=?UV]\8Z=:VMG





MOV5/#GB+0O`6MWWBKP%XM^&FM^*/%
NNWW@_Q;K7A_5IM.N!HFC:9=3:5;^%

?[



MM?
'_!3W_DVSPO\`]G1_L??^M+_#&OJ


M._X2G6_#MCX?FO=*UNRO=.
::B[W#6\YM?-B5FKTKQEX-\)^//#LWAWQ
CMH



M/;WBO:V[V\4K)\\6NK?LIZ%\9_%GQ(TFX\63^/Y_&?ASX9^++S0[+X@:U\-H
M?B!JPT_PWI45S9:7IUUX%M/%-NO]G:'JWB!9$N='`AL-6NK3_55XE^S5^R/\




MPP\1Z;I\_B27P9I%^UEK\7@[Q;X.\0O:Z=93:3X?\:W5UI_V^XCFMKGZI_91


MKC_T1)7RY_P2K_Y
V\*?]E&^.'_JX/&E`'Z+/]QO]UOY&OYVO^/ZE__P#P

MK_
_%/A6XUWX51'
MX/?&[POX_P#NEZE/XMUXO?`FGZ_K_@B/3?#EG?MH]FFJZG::)I[:=#=3/E
M^+?V=OVZO$G@-?#UI\/OB7I7BB#]G35OAUJ&L3?%/PAJ5MXI\6:M^SM#I2W]

(;YI-1O+J/[F^/[:NL^++[Q3J?
MQ0U?PGH&@:#\2?B]\-(-%M/AYX[T&]O]2^'_`,9I_@YX7G\/^-M4U#4/OBS









M^H?L^?!S]J?P9XR_9O@\;_##QQ]D\



MVL/_`%
_V=:_3BOS'\1?\I)OV4O^S8_VL/\`U
_V=*_3B@#\\?VR/^3C_P#@







M^K_8^_9VD_9MT+Q+X/D\1Z9.VH+H-\_@[2;^75K31C8VMSH=MXC&I:M;IXGE








9OSY_;4^.







]*\8:]#XKU#1/&']HG
MQ3X8O=5EO)GG\


;8_T9^#/


OY8EGF=_


M^%M3TQ%5[:S2Q.G1P?V8YM*CU'_@G]^SCJYT.75=%\2ZA=^';WQ!J6D7UYXK



7A/6-&N=*NXM4

M6HOB9\-=&N]$T3XD:%-#H^N2V.LP:;%XHL+VRBADT6]T?Q)+I-A=7ND7NGW-




MQ9Q0B.$1Z'@G]D;X._#OXD6_Q
\(VWB?2M3LKSQ)JFG^'T\5:S+X2T_6/&5I

LK[4H96DLFU=)M8BMH]2O+NYG^G**`/BC3_^4I7@



\.7UEIGB'Q7H.B:EJ4
M


M`.3-OG_`&4;XX?^K@\:4`?HL_W&_P!UOY&OY[?^
F18?\`!10C@C_@I1^T
M5@^A_P*=K^A)_N-_NM_(U_/;_P1E_X\/^BO_:2C]HO_P!UV@#](W_9D^$T



M_A#^SA\2/#?BG27\=_'_`
5_!*+2-#\1^#[B_P#AKX*U'PU\$?&'A^SO;[P7





MGLK6R@D\8Z1+=V/PS!M;?[-X6M+G3]'L--L;FYA;[N^'S-H7[7GAGP]\-=#D
V@CT^.XU,6L<?\`:%SO]UHH`^-_$7_*2;]E+_LV/]K#_P!3/]G2OTXK
M\Q_$7_*2;]E+_LV/]K#_`-3/]G2OTXH`_/']LC_DX_\`X)K_`/9TWC+_`-9G
M^-]?H=7YX_MD?\G'_P#!-?\`[.F\9?\`K,_QOK]#J`BBB@#\H?V)O\`D9_V


(/VW_


GB#0[#4Y?$5IHVCZ=?#3-0F
MAL=0M-&O9;R\N?LVD1SZC6Y\
?V.M'T.R_9DMOB%J_@GQ=IW[.7P
UWX%)X9
MU/0].US3?%=CJ%[X*



R;J\)^$?P
\1?`J
M/Q#H7@SXHVE[\


DJ+

M0B.S$#N0..]?K70`5^?/PS_Y28?M5_\`9K/[*O\`ZG7[1%?H-7Y\_#/_`)28
M?M5_]FL_LJ_^IU^T10!^@U%%%`'Y=?L$?\D2\9_]G2_MC?\`K3_Q4K[5KXC_

W6Z_9(996NI8XR]O#&ADF<3

M`8!.



MPY;ZM;ZXEHUUI*QZL+?2KZ^TR&87U_;P:?:75U#H?S]D/3/S?LX)XPUOPC
MXBTK]FWX

M=-GM[6\NM6MTN+N

MKPFD:V*:OK^@7UHT-E'=Z-XE\*:S?^&?$^AWPL9)[5=2T/7--U'2;UK6XN+=


M`&+6A?\`IKM:`.EHHHH`_+K]@C_DB7C/_LZ7]L;_`-:?^*E?:M?$?[!5W:+\
M%?&J/=VJ.G[4W[8JNCW
*.A/[3OQ38!D9PRDJ01D#((/0U]J?;+/_G\L_P#P

PN/#.HP
MPO\`%S4MTO1IH]'768=7N+;1KK7K9=<6TM+F^7RW_LZROS@'7T/_@H#\*KG
M7I=&\4^'?%WAPCTC]H3QWBV[@T[4_#%EH7[-WB]/!WCF^UVYTN_N-0\/&\
MNW.H:&=7TZTM;RQ`B:ZBU!ULSL^!?V7[73OVA/&_[1/C3Q-X3\377C_PSX0L
2YM=:\':KXBO8O'BJUO%NK/3Y)[2[M;P7#L`#Z2T_]HNYG\!V?Q
U3X0_$
MC0_!U]\-]9^*(N[N#0YM0TS0M';3YETO6]*MM7EO+/Q-J^DWSZWI.E6Z7B26
M-E=Q7=U:7\8M&^A=&UC3/$.D:7KVBWUMJ6CZUI]GJNEZC9S1W%I?:??V\=S:






MC'^QKXX#^3+'+L)^)WA4@-Y;-M)'(!QQ7ZFT`?GQ^W!_R4C]@S_L[6Q_]5+\

M_#&OJ)NI^I_G7R[_`
%/?^3;/__`&='^Q]_ZTO\,:^HFZGZG^=`4444`?E

MIP`

]S;1V?\`P46C
MDN;:*0?\%)_VB6



496
CH8UVXC
M([%`I'8U']LL_P#G\L__``+M_P#XY0;RR`R;VR`'4F[MP!^/FT`.:VMG!5[:




MG_AUU^Q;_P!$QU;_`

=6_\.%X__P#FCK]!

/VJ_P#LUG]E
M7_U.OVB*_0:OSY^&?_*3#]JO_LUG]E7_`-3K]HB@#]!J*^'/VM?VH_BS^SG)


4-M9B]`/3




=UJT3!$MXKNR
3S&240_0U`'Y\_\`#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_\`
MS1T?\.NOV+?^B8ZM_P'\?_`/S1U^@U%`'Y\_\`#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_\`
MS1T?\.NOV+?^B8ZM_P'\?_`/S1U^@U%`'Y\_\`#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_\`
MS1T?\.NOV+?^B8ZM_P'\?_`/S1U^@U%`'Y\_\`#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_\`
MS1T?\.NOV+?^B8ZM_P'\?_`/S1U^@U%`'YZ3?\$L?V(+M!#J/PAEU:S\V&



M#Q!XFU#X5RPZKXIU[6?$^MMI?B_QAH]G=Z[XAU&XU;6]2&GZ9K=K8PW&IZG=

M+?\`HF.K?^'\?\`_P`T='_#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_P#S1U^@U%`'Y\_\.NOV
M+?\`HF.K?^'\?\`_P`T='_#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_P#S1U^@U%`'Y\_\.NOV
M+?\`HF.K?^'\?\`_P`T='_#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_P#S1U^@U%`'Y\_\.NOV
M+?\`HF.K?^'\?\`_P`T='_#KK]BW_HF.K?^'\?_P#S1U^@U%`'RO\`!']B


MN#_DI'[!G_9VMC_ZJ7XG5ZC^TC^UAH7[/6KZ%X?G\.W'B77-6\#_`!`^)LE@




M?_#7_L[_`/SK*_3&B@#\SO\`AB?]J/\`Z2/_`!U_\-?^SO\`_.LH_P&)_VH
M_P#I(_\`'7_PU_[._P#\ZROTQHH`_,[_`(8G_:C_`.DC_P`=?_#7_L[_`/SK
M*/\`AB?]J/\`Z2/_`!U_\-?^SO\`_.LK],:*`/S._P&)_VH_P#I(_\`'7_P
MU_[._P#\ZRC_`(8G_:C_`.DC_P`=?_#7_L[_`/SK*_3&B@#\RY/V)/VHI8Y(















WF*6.7RG,4GENK^7(NT;[2=KKD94X([BOYXM&_9Y^
_P`0+Z^^


M5\^*-UKX=^*=
M:U'7O%NJ)+_8?B/6M8\?^.]USTQ9(P=
OA!\+OA'XLGF\6?+4OB3K'B+6/B3J7CZWN/\`2+?Q]X1@TZUTZ#PC`L42
MP7+RO<2,TBX44`?J[17Y9?\`"?\%)/^CS?@5_XBIJ__`,^^C_A!/^DG_1Y
MOP*_\14U?_Y]]`'ZFT5^67_?\`!23_`*/-^!7_`(BIJ_\`\^^C_A!/^DG
M_1YOP*_\14U?_P??0!^IIX![^PZU^#G[//_``4%_9T^(O\`P6-_:;^!?AC4



M%[5=



M?\
V_'W_`*2'_M7_`/A/?LR?_.$KS27PIK\&O:UX6F_X*O?'.+Q+X;OK#2_$

MJ*_)CPO\+_B%XW

M/#NAV
K


M?@7]J3P5I'A?XDZ'9MX;O(%N=2L=0T;3;GQ/:VNI01)J6CZ?K%PMVWA]]2TV

%)=8T31M8/[9'P)@.KZ3I^

7_

/A9X?U/3M`U;7;6+Q?XL\
ZM;^'[75VTBU








M;-_[(5^RI_Z=_C?7ZFU^67@3_E))^V;_`-D*_94_]._QOH`^W:*\+^+_`
9)




].TGXJ^#?BC?^$O'_`(#N_&X:^\
_#6ST




*;X@:5:::WA_7]:;0M-U2XU2V
M&HWMKW4(;NUL/W#M=WEK+;Q@,DC(`?DQ)I/[8'A;QC\/_A1IZ_&;PQX(T;Q
ME^SSX7\57?A'PYXENM(M_-G^S7X\_X3.RTS7='MO(_LIO&^G^'M/U#5--NG
M@TK7)K$R21W4D2MR+?&']I/XCZ#=?#;QGXE^)




M1L7-O)$OQM=_M
_LF^#?VC+NZO\`PCX2M?$/CGP]\`?$/@KXT^'](CUJ]^(=
M[\=[GX@^&O#BF^L-




MT?$GA']GF\\6Z?JW@3Q\_C;6/'/B6^^
5IX\\





M4CW[

M@`HHHH`****`/B7_`(*3?\F`_MC?]FZ_%7_U$]2KT3P3_P`B3X
_[%/P]_Z:
MK6O._P#@I-_R8#^V-_V;K\5?_43U*H;[XM^!?A9X'^&2^+]0U*.\\0^&='AT
M;2-!\/:]XKUW4$L='LI=1O(-#\-:=JFJG3=

M[A17D_PT^./PN^+]WXMLOAYXIAU^Y\#WVD:=XFB%EJ&GG3[K7?#FD^+-*53J
M-K:B[BNO#^N:7J(GM#/#''=I'*Z2AD7U









MA``!)



O\`UF?XWU^A
MU`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5^67@3_E))^V;_V0K]E3_P!._P`;Z_4VORR\


N]$\7VFKWTRZ


MC^QQ\*OBAX\\9^)S\1]6L-!^)7Q!U*/QGJ=AXLO/BOIFL1:SK_@&YA6]^TVV


MQ$\1^-?BCH&M^*/%7B.PU.UG'AG01X
M++7K6


$



O$JZ=K/Q'
M^'/PC^&NJ0^&-)M8-/\`#_ASX









*((!I=G<K%<2@'N^B?\$L?AWH'@/3/AC:?%?X@77@GPMHWCOP[X


=MI5QH\CPOI+2]GN(UN
MW`/W+HKQ7]F_6_%7B;X`?!GQ+XXUBVU_Q;XA^&OA#7-?UFTL6TV#4=1U71;2

?_9K7[5O_`*GG[-U?
MI37YK:O_`
I'OV8_^S6OVK?_`%//V;J_2F@`HHHH`****`BBB@#XE_X*3?\
MF`_MC?\`9NOQ5_\`43U*O`_C_P#`76OCK\.?@_::!IB6^L^&?!DU_P&OB%H



M]X+U/4_%O@&63P7#X[FLK$?$GQ?



+/B)??\)5X@





?BG6X;SQ]XPM9K6S\8_M




MWEI*NI!DC^$/[9&H^*/B-XOTKQ;X:\3:9H?B7Q'H-M\--&O=/M+;5=L+GX
M*:)\3;BTUJ-(H9A-=&?4$F
TUV]GJ/\`HB2/#M
8!QGQY_9



MU\=^

FGS

?[86B_M$7]IX6B\-W6

=




:G;R:M:^

VNI^!?!7P

?B;P'I/A?Q;K.@-X2DN]3\)M$-+^R:J97GECTI6%_
%?[`GT
M7P=XS\
P1'6_`WB[2;;7]46ZMH=/NKBWLYYBH!]4P_$C]E?0+'Q);:+X6L)M

MM=/UB.YM=5$%]'+&OJWPM\
?!*&QBU_X2^$/!6BVVFW7B'PW'=^&O#-CH4]A



MVE``?2M%%%`!7R'\_\`E)#^U9_V:W^RI_ZG'[0M?7E?(?P+_P4D/[5G_9K



M+VT2U$S^?(0#[C\9_#WX+Z1X

'/`


MX)T?$[0-;UR?3(_A5XC\+^./BA\1?$WC;PO=^)/&/@W[9;?$?3?!1M?B+;ZO

7A/Q!X3^&5
M]\
/AQ8:I\3M/U_PQH.AVGP^TR33]6TG287\4ZUHE_-::4^FV5B3$^JK8ZC+




M@ABB

M)=Q:?/'LETJ$^%]#TO3D2S:
(UM]J7%U++



M_LZ7]CG_`-:?^%=?J+7Y=?M[_P#)$O!G_9TO['/_`*T_\*Z_46@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`ORR\?\I)/VS?^R%?LJ?^G?XWU^IM?BSKOQY^OP'






I(?VK/


M?![_`**K\.O_``L_#_\`\L*/^%T?![_HJOPZ_P#S\/_`/RPH`])ED2WN[J
M0

M`




M0?$UG9#QVGC*^UQKN^\$'5KFYT_4VBCL%FDCBN=OU]^S=XZ^*O[0_P`-E^





#:!XI\.?!3QYX4^&&N:OXI






D

M`.M/_NOU%K\NOV]_P#DB7@S_LZ7]CG_`-:?^%=?J+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!6-J'ASP]JTRW.JZ#HVIWH(EGU#2[&]F6

M!022!DFBB@A_P`(/X+_`.A0\+_^#2?_D2C_A!_!?\`T*'A?_P0:3_\B444

M^#2?_D2C_A!_!?_`$*'A?\`\$&D_P#R)110`?\`#^_P#H4/__@@TG_Y$
MH_X0?P7_`-AX7_\$&D__(E%%`!_P@_@O_H4/__`((-)_\`D2M33=$T71O-
M_LC2-+TKS]OG_P!FZ?:6/G;

9-%%`&I1110`4444`

M\$?_`51_P`,L_MO?]'V6O\`X8+P1_\`)5%%`!_PRS^V]_T?9:_^&\$?_)5
M'_#+/[;W_1]EK_X8+P1_\E444`'_``RS^V]_T?9:_P#A@O!'_P`E4?\`#+/[
M;W_1]EK_`.&\$?_`5110`?\
L_MO?]'V6O_A@O!'_R51_PRS^V]_T?9:_^
M&\$?_)5%%`&!KO[#7[27Q%G\'Z7\7?VQI?&7@7PY\2?AK\2-1\,:=\'_?A

 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentExcludingConstructionInProgressDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
1,<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
16,53<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
4<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
7,4<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
6<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
(6,6<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<td style=text-align:
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_LandUseRightTransferredToIntangibleAssetsFromOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_FormerFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsTrustAccountAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndInvestmentsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'


 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PercentageOfValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCalculationOfNumeratorAndDenominatorInEarningsPerShareTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-size: 10pt;; font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAndPreferredDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsIncomeStatementImpact'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_NetIncomeFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredDividendsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingFromContinuingOperationsBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstandingFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableToBankCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsAdvancesOnInventoryPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationConstructionInProgress'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAmortizableIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesCustomerAdvances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesOtherLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxExemptIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationInterCompanyElimination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IndexedCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ComponentsOfFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_CommonStockEquivalentValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_DividendFeature'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_IndexedCommonSharesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_PreferredStockFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_DividendCashFlowProjection'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_WeightedAverageCostOfCapitalPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_DeferredTaxAssetsAcquiredInBusinessCombination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<table style=margin-top: 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
73,81<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
254,04<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
37,<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
(1,439,<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
(1,<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
(<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
(2,<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
10,1<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
9,<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
2<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
(3,3<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
16,40<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenueByMajorCustomersByReportingSegmentsTableTextBlock'
<font style=font-family:times new roman

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<font style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times


<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman

 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestTypeOfEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestTypeOfEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestTypeOfEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestTypeOfEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestIncorporationStateCountryName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDateOfIncorporation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestRegisteredCapitalValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestTypeOfEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_MinorityInterestDescriptionOfPrincipalActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedContractualRightsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventorySupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfComponentsOfFinancingCostAllocationTableTextBlock'
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<font style=font-family: times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedToDetermineFairValueOfSeriesPreferredStockTableTextBlock'
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2
 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<font size=2 style=font-family:times new roman
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedToDetermineFairValueOfWarrantsTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<td style=text-align:
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_deyu_ScheduleOfWarrantsActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<font style=font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<p style=margin: 0pt 0px; font: 10pt times new roman
 times
<table style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font: 10pt times new roman
 times

MQ[7&QY/FAY/C#[7V[?_5GJ:U


OQ!\AMEGOC_\;=53FHV3XX\GC=^2

MMHOPS\S9XDZ'A`[YF5SYXO`3UVE\NCAJH]D%Z9


MQI2

M:;\@[_$4^=/O!



@@\<N'`+W/'BY@-<W







M;&).J(


M


5]O[BRU*:4#DP.QU^57
M54#5Y#.HA:?)39`T1K/'Q/\J\-3D&4@7;U&1H29GXURH2L-KYG_-_/_E29U


M7Z!]A_E9@6B_B5.KC?(L_3PE3P1S`:GVTO




DIBZ%/NO2R$-64PPT0Q3BA$D3D;OA;+&<3&*S]`$:U+

MQ'[

M7=2B75*`).L%U]BR
\)^$H:YL\5-VAM9M!RM&NIFJ7OJ0#RTV??@'U\Y9O
MU+:4KTM5L^:FK%BAJ5AJY1''YUPU[#H1BA7,R;7&/
V()
M;2T*RZJ$C.`K`R+P]%^Z?&CM([S&K?G[4:1QELOYZWWF
A2:XLZJ6*HI+'#

M2$RR!VGC'#TKT-_=X#Q95M%[LB:6'-S91+XX-)=(J15%YDLP5:NJ1J8&T8(.




M38Z4MNJV]/XSD0/SPC8[%D@O'
_1T)%E=K
@DBF15

H

]?(+60!^\ILD(







L]2N`DOMY@K
M-.J-]U4J--HU2_@DZ!(J[H%85KUAOA_5U8PI8/'SV`$[P;7V$839#/@AO8.


V
TQYG


'
1P@G^NTCWQW
M





ZTE#\FH3VL6;N1I1`/JK_QG



/B7;(W0)P-X]

M78EM4::

M)IE!\O%M`:$

?F(

08JJ0&MRA45X^NES7SN
MKL;TN2`4HB$^)0S[

M%F`P#*L05-]F;&]M2AEM:$VY(@&K-O/)B#PA%TI2UK)4.&I!.KWYL(L`4=
$


X'4`WY[
M?O





'^;TA$^2_1P/?$-@NI




J@YA


MI5
)WHU*T*ABXU]1^$5'0S]?$^L*/D'TC0W9)07_S]ZU-K=M+-GO6[7_P9OO
MS)TW



*<KNO
CM`-S995=ZZ)?^31%S-_2#3



M;3
YVYK*4SKUIR)Z*S^^#:.2A*[OO:G\I5=7XD$Z(!FJOYK7LM7YY=I=B)R'




R





MK'RRJ:F\N




MVW8LUW)L'V:OG:R

5([T5J8#D*([%+'XO
MII/3

M:1W1=+])_=



$`3V.^P




A66QG7)+-YDS;^R^6068ZA?V=PL


=PC080CMQH:.8:B1$Q^\;VO_M2W^T010HD'T-R`W2S
'B+#


:HMO7;K&

L;MCIH:S
M&BX1D5W/FFJ/T2P9`:`L_KDN&-4K1D(QC2K_5UCVI5*\$8R)TI=H^1)2LQ


M#6&E0X@
;URCV

&Q`
&@#ZCH$!@I9QTYH*
M`&5:&+TJH;%TP\(3L%S2O0+I1Y.)GWG(2\^?G`=OO0=_YFW.HEKY`;)*LJ3G
M


M:9.Q(W*







F0
P=^G$S_]2GR


M&


/E_&;3*85L5P/*YIP4=
M
!EZNG`#A*64YB`



!:4NVY1D#`7#;FC$M




M8!O!8O%MPOZ2-;CL4F^J2J1=WPDQ2V^1+-[0*E'3



%+;*860\UUH^ZP%%IY\N
^N::=1R&,=T&KHE@HZN@E,!M?;K]P?)SL<^5^.#\_L$;
MV[@4ZGX]6%UL?`609MNX3.'N

X]F)_;&'TR;%'
M]









F[P&UG=&_FA-_(Y$T`EF6XY@7










M9DK2E-ZU:RONKFQF



$)VJM#-%DB2CH07B[1LG9`_$(=3?Y(V9Z$J
75SZZG*$%K';]_=


M



MGAITLQ@K0*IEXMH.)!U;6Y*SRID6R66


MQ


O/KK[MG``Q(D*!(4+$4/SBA2
Q
=T]_
M=\]@[P@T4=WL]FQ[?QCD04L;U`;?VNKI:X%5EFL3K@9-:#F6X:P5L`6X9#RW


9ZWM?QR(

;]4FE&N;.\WNNO=]F0<+SS!)/_Y[$:;L5NH:U
M6H9K/0%M6S=T-0NT#73OX@363K-D1J=
N`6[5@BT#UW`U
/
MKC<&@4CFX)AX^ETTL8Y2:`[L'I_C1S6KKL72)M4+J9+V@'TW2SR/\#^9CR9
M?(C=*
6.RE83?+5ZMW'9_4&[GK:69?8[.T.




28`O4






<EE&!V+97J^Y4+TA0$^*


V;5ZU7!#5??
X4L[*M@64EO3FKO+7.V[_6;AOBO;@\EMZSG4YSG]N6
M[LU^?)DEGMX2Z.)$(F_GJ':WVNFMSKW;L@W:M.=TS*5KQU8L+4X;MH*NH_<[
MG<KQ@7+R'19M2*4YADWYV%6K4MAVH;1?X;T&(8=(+7]+A4@_W,7`+L`6V?Q3
MZ$99JUU7X)-VND4]?S=@G@ZGS2+BI\0&FS%`E&^T;@%5\D$B]+7.X_!HP+`
M?F%OD?KU4%\/Q*6Z%WC'YS#PP


+

WV:P;^OXO_BIV&
#QKX319
(`:)^`-+

$_S[;_0%*W\ZN_OYYBV[?L?.



_KOB]Z[LLCAAP


Y\?`
(!2


3RHIPM

F/G
M`7SOC:



M%&]82#+V&6!EJWS#JJ/++@(Y'^`8\1BX4^O=&C.$]CY=,P^!TAU=IEL.:G

D:%KM9$5VG].!--L-:O*QROA#3%Q/TU
M3O`IN1]RNW!P/


M+PK?(K+@T?$A0




3X2G6


A!1_-Q#NN4T4*M2+V=PELX4(H*E`,KG=A
MR(`7KHJAZS_D6EMJZ#*+Z$
HEI&YR5':PM\GK._M$B4&ZLZ=/C\%SX7CHCP
M@V'Y1GE:7$AF'!1U!`8JF*`-PB2LO.L2/5_JU*A?M2`H@@NFN[JO_M/O!M



H'SY0'
M*V:)-`]WO3%.+9.%F(+RW=\`D#D8/B8.4Y)2^ECJT!496!RY(J.+=S_
9UR=


M4/


M+


B5*?TCB+,@FH(U/\,PA;JH
M+Q*9S$)L/^9%N%4SVY6)^1$Y1;_A+RNF%Y,D$<M?W[1J9H56!,KA\(C^XD`&
M\E3KYZ970Z6/F;V24Q3DE7NN#J]7NT)`IDC_\3GB:PNT-DP\EE!+6%_A4NY


-VR/II
MT%+
P65/
0A#)CY9HMK?LD3]`[FLAJT7NX?

MI*?




MK$3)))


MS%84)Y`?.!43ROX%D1.*&TJVZIJRQLT'?![/MNAE`2/JO[NG`VP,)]BV7I&
MDC_,\\Q52@7K0I`CIB`&N5-=OM/&%ZHL&;P'K`;+)F$221
H@$W6
Y+B0

1]
M3-*7B*
I5-]3@/G.F2^4




3@Q!2#^
]IBQP+/41$_[B*@6$








IK3D7X#[([M:+;=
M/5)]$7==R'+]:NL3$RY@I^71(%2-:]LS0;F
AQ#K&D!!^ODKQP)TE%P6ET%

#JP[3?EKEG]ZS.)M)/Q%!6$A


_OV%2Y
M#V!%O%0G\H\E$'_QO.'0\T[98_2^BE3(AV7_EXE!806]A9N
EF^-/2A^/#AJ

YEUTYFZIKI6)KM&.T!



M1.F;MSM--Y_FMV
=+
C9TYB@.W$!E
;.9J

1]#NVA

%@8FO:I328@+8M++:HJS-=/







ML`XMK]+A5#R/;YV;KLPRJVEV6UVS



5O





:Y.Y[M_@UGC==YTV;`@+:M*2-3&?4'

8NS^PH

)TF3NUJ_D5W_
M-1V[$;![T$R!S8P


'3\6U\
M_P$)Q31PW+
^&-O@



M6L+FA
01(11C%@?VQ**N2BJ7(^:%T.2Z2NJ(EAI6@J+,.\4P7;0#'@Z
6#
M49X)EP5^O76^.GBX@L7).+8I=AI]-Z`#(@].C$#-(`8:J5(`K49A`2KB?Y



`





$R!9`G(2HA+@OW1S
7RZ)5L`KO/D0B]H%I(&L@B/F]!UT'2'_*

M

:%OP@

-P?0MM
MP2'2HC3XR


M#:JSU
27`VG8_'HC!/B7=5M!/

_

M=)%:#;_Z`7JN0/OV0#2!/NXZ?]/'(
=C)A4J$4

M^2*@`#J($SUBO(M'7B64H
3X4[)10)/@

AP..0'KC$!H(%*3K


(0;


BL`5]($&0XP-@
M#@$A-A&$3FHDK^21]`[.Q/#-@CP0;TLOGDL@'7XHBGMSB556]^*E^AVWGR?


#'!)C[$51Q
@\8CN!'?F/%/G@@3+]?4X8P%
MC2^4GIPC\*=P-]RR3'[%:Y!Z@'$+SG0*@NR![D97%%RJ.38S#Y3W3'^QZ_
MHWCAI*,^0)\4NG^)CY'`1_LY(12:?\/=0TA&W*#$(0%D4B.#O`\LAT11V24

H&4V
.8K%7:'1T0@.LZ7QD_.-\&*04X8`MD
63$98670W!\IM`YGC27
\FJ2KS`


M*S%]82[?!\!/A


M


B'C`E!U!/:@**



M&
/K3G[+4]#9UN]PP28D\N-.
+;$W&_Q/@#7CL2-A+&#6`CEAN*6#MZ<T0F`2[$
M\\[Q)M6


[P7_70$DJ8\L

8M$$=HCPW/$U[DC`'S;%PBTR?6I\`O?

MW(A^[WNAX\7PJ`\&A/!YY&]5WJ/OGU4Z^-Q5Y.DFMUHLU-D3%/NJQ7\;.]1%
M)P_CVZ/W63C-+6S-+64%2[W%:YFW*5\]+O'G@W
]'J-UFM4CRW
J&U'W
4AZ


JCU*LX]6
M
-/-JF:T*%1;!;(

RKD.DQ62_H
3




O4YS&Z;A17#P?EGGF
-XD8
&=:6+R


M*7_P(LN[=RCA\628\GN

E9P*CX%-DD[T=!?5
6F

J;$
:E[]




M





M8AT9*2'\BXR0#8VBA?O=;L.)Y2#K(VNI=YFB.HWUK5)?@C'JG12&1D`R3@



M4D_M6%%:%LCKOCS/H^!@

M4^PT[)!?C[P_


6@2PD%YY2DFLZDO41#C!

M\_`(CSL710#6R)])I7
%[B86
AF!:VD3I87`*1!IB6F@-D`^B71D[
_@AK[L


VGF-
M0BR



(.?`8?

J@T`+DP4B25K8#;EYW7@Z'

.0C$L+32-1I772+UU-][.472L%UD[
M?

Y:PN8Y+;I;
))AJP^PW6F:]

X\S5O+D%-




E.C


M-H+/+KZ\-:[!SG1\[HYH=FJ9Y^'5/


M`D949*@?U]3$Q5_)7;H`CZF


DMTMZ




E^32YR&!N7B\1+7J[#H&ITZ[&-)AY0C!K2OA`AF32
MANFPG6.Y#4+Y2VC%`AQ\ZG++*8[F,O\'P69$!`);Y=Q9.+Q,I-.S?L6'&/Y
M/N)UP[2*+(^=BKY-#CEFN9M55,$PI5F1TNL)Y[:D\ZD2'B7M`17A8]?*8`
M1#%T/)Y&]N

[H0W8FV4IQI&7+H
M)S!)S)!)TV+4-(=YTBEKK*:*+((J6F
.
0=(%E!;W]0ZRH7VAR/N-T8G/O!)
MS.D)YLED

N'](INFKQ

M.:LW/`F*9-[$


M'
_*-D7S=L8BJ3-N@CB`U

2Q4)D\EE$
$34QFXAXTXA6P3

O%=3/10V



/^=4O_085K?Q.606



GGS.+QFO`_B`PUWK7:7X0:_
,,.4OQ2`N)4WJ
T45%
M


MD2C&.*H#28'9



MG4:?^OU'BL=?O7OHC5A]VY003'ZCHQ-

MV\JU9C
0F`)S2B\N=#C!HJ$=.$-N]2=X!+XP-D7U(

E+QT841&*/48I$!_




[^\B

MRUUSO;8UXTN


MVY-84TMHJ9E(:`-!BILM;_

M#M'*$;OT/$I7G?*!*U(CU8Q.?3

:6

VUFI3.BL0DL5;-&
=!E(X]WX5%FRWX7[9*
MG]X(99



M5LO;@X!
F?K


M$G/`^AZ#6/:B'6TORM81T%!DWET.EE'@PAB6S$E5O'N9EZN(X!9S&D=-QOVD

/


M3#4U1!



M1F%

KO+.=O9Q(K\7)J


MF?5SIP+'QV%AQBXE&#2ENV!J)T




34






V'%.'
#-?-SA5)JZ]#8Q0G





X
MPCG-2QWU:]6X




&-Y?S@^HMC\:QZZ<G+W+/ELE
MU'7R^GJ4$,S<1BA;P7G6-GGSZ.W%14Z+QZTN\KXHYHG6YID*T:RY^4CL;):






BYSJZV]=SPG

M?6J\^\J
NHUG







M[6?
PSWV
















M




_B
[A]VG:.CG4

M
XIML]?MF(U&=^-=//K!5Q`;

!RC&#%`34?4I2O=W#3G^`M&W&.
M=$1[!`H5#M3C77I*QC:VE5Y9QM'(91P?/M]=?/[IP]N/5Z)7U]$XQ@N1T2FM
M4;NMJ$RCV?=[!+IOCNZCHONH5!\R?=Y[SW&H$%^J1`N.2G9!T7US2@%NA2A&
M]\W9SY3V;=.^

UC/F

-_NZ!FL.M5YIZG.
M+;

:6&1
M;]S[(*

MF8SFP_\YWB@.(YH0AW];R




7APX4:O




\[CJ+A



MF(%V.S(BZYM4L\[A#DFE=Z/[N`]^HJ1)['9A):UA$Y)^SKY/6?=-MR,SFO
BA5NB?\LP\&I.M].P[7.NR[/QI0\`A%*S9W9:G<
?


M30+[YG@[XFLX^




SI0IKLOS



MM


M=Q7
T^]@
V8'S

MW;HV::M3V:2M@?:Z:CZ@18$F@9
#D

M@:!BBM_'Q=L^Y\M-.+]F(+=EX[QP7L`\WC*X`6?+,^Z9_0C-LK2MT'?!DT
MF@1.C2'2K`%@BK&7:?.\8

&\?XE7#&;&?L

?ZD)U^N:@WJ_$9=*GOLM3;S4:E3AU;1B7AFBU$J!)0)-`
M^?3`)QY_YAYU

28-IA*AC'J


M#=UJ1463@:!\NBJVEVAW14E)7A]_S4):!+0[HHMW16QZUC'=U;H.ZWOM8!
M30(GR-9UQEB9/'+:!?O#ER[8#7=:BFM2430'68V)9MRXR]['J#65Y;=RO;

MJ&WH!R
6)(`
73A1!
K2:S
)-8S!^VV
MV:P7KG4N'ZEI=W;EI+M6=C0):!(XGK[;K'5V)(7O_








;(FHFUCWW7]1V#Q/U9A










VTY$;%+SN3\P

M5+*R?\A?


MVAE3!6E1&.C:;9;O3WM?9^^CGQ#2A+XS)H'HSE[&M[U&]W:HH-U003J--O
M[_:=Q]Q/MVL.^JU=OG._#')E7])KY(/K6.#JCJ:[EFD;'LV6+41[_8'9%=;X





T6WSYD'EL
:`:I0F-D1J'#`03&[,@@_A









M&3DV



K


`L86D)ZY



*=
M^2MQ!/L=(;OY_





-L#GIFO5VX?J6


_5BG4HN@2;\\A/^\XFZWS9;_1R2KC@9K^CH




($



JE(CM=I[@/


70ZZ#3


M8=E_Q0X?8F@
X]#Q&*J;_G18
#-;YW`=-=3N?IP^TKK)^6L9.^)KQ*$EZE

^]\Z.G*[37A/&.1(8YGO327)$G8-NMQV!0'YC=XK9?M?!6'DC*C*4]






F
&URQ$NC


B5SA6$VA;7E:9D[ID4OK=2GP/!E5\OL`#K)L.!L!]
06K

S[I




4?;/;VV[DR[[Q

@(B*US.6%TNG2C=EXEBU3N%64V4AE
-D9F;5@[UL
M^$L@$T9&SH
S`IL9%(#9S(5=I




=/W]9!*SC




M:Z2ZN
^RC'25T35^(/&


M?UN-\W?
V-<_9]?/]S]D7YC^2AF
M*?++LN$UA%-:.41W#!0CT-F7-A`?J&#Z9&&Y8V
+X'S8$7
^`+RADT9;$:?
MQMZ@O?:
BUG@N$:S1WT4ZJ;QR%#5G[D



+W$0QA;@`2P5!#IBP90`PU^RH)GPTPPL
M
^
W(Y@=?0Z?,R'_P3*_C(P10'L5/A5X1TQ0.FZ\@7T9)C%CN,93)C+#I8




M1A@/0V?D6($#K
.XG3';&:/_RYV;AO745G




M?@`;;J


)'P6K(R??V`'

VL!?!PPN+O('.%6
MX#U3-R:N%N=RL


M9.G'/+G=Z#7
0:.Q3F);$5?=X/JE*@B*\7:MWWYJZT:^;K(8?)!=`FW0QF
MI13)B)SAG$Y@R*)'QCSC'0
%QS/^B!
7^2(`L(]?+]&?ZGD8DM`7\O7JU_.
M$4M$;^W[EG^RY!%V!$2#[E_O]EN'-+ME9^&8!739US9!0X)K!?Q#KHHJ:[(



](.3YNCL\6J5E@

^9X@(%!!I)\*_Y!\*[D=
M7)3_@CEE'X*<%/E72^S9@7LC7@*4<(=F=PT#EUK0NOH\P_R<X.%01TB`_


\(
MG4I)V

57$3[5/R/]


MKF`CH`\DESV$6Q$NO
P'BS')3)MX)*;[@.^OO4V@:N=G%[-W$YIID+^9'Z

)?

M&&`Z^KY7:*_0


+@$94W\5N/4(?\ZRC'L1:(PJT4^Q
Q





Z&7$\(N.QXAW.OS(@2_%

LB(9GRW9ES3
M(IE=DB






GHAXY06RC/@1J88SIN:[_R)\'M8E
]B0ACK1X

R
MJ922IR658O'.F3R?6_8G.=F.((4!/'P=?.O[(S6F+/)^?`/'VQM^RAM`=&:]


%

'OMICD8M!*;!O_6Z73
M;K-'KE-*59&IA=+E

M-OO`7'KULB#G8
)8::;V


FFS_T8-UX46Y3Y



5IBM



M725:C;C;MCLHVP84]TFVY_R/%=M0I9J_7


B!V1//^0NA5)J^9$=1R*9Z\QG?B[(T
:R1#BD!?G12AOMD+U7'#038<&KO^
M8SJ0*NDV/W).^UX)/H.7854V,D[Z7+






M8QSSQ2QP7*/9
T\/G66%ZQC'_
F:&XUZ10_Y]`2-;JGVS'U]1%?Z2\%_I8`M



-MUW9/XA1U\TZSW6V9]4-B#








Y7I$_R_=:$#H181RPY-7U

MTSPM/I64#_4

H'/K44EAT###3@

MQ



BN



MFOJQQX
%F=
)F
WXX7OYQ[2)Y-F`.QV4#YTDPTDZM4QXJL.Y\3LS6`A/TJAY
M/

MI8GCQM/8Y4QG.=F%.`%7)V?`$9
N=J'@=


M5&QBB?B$)$O.!X$^2$





_RK2OQICJ(




G

8)
CFL(-&-
K0@?F1LV:%9.&#'8%CV+JE?Z/'P:!98=Q99+WY7*

GQN_
V/DX`3?R)A8J
J#CH]SJO'H#:`J
MY'+B3TR\7CLV`Z2(5#G(6+/S-`X7=PI)L'WTB7YE=D[`=&'
)5\8@BI_Z(


M`DAAXX#BMPP&ZTQQG_!N6$G9?LWXX$D






2![QB/U:9-2]8\D

TC9YRSXP2[.XEJA

W#B`QC^I+D890:_8AC92`


M-K#PNPV-[V9G;Y


MVQT`U:RUFD6JW/=9M9
G%H_


AR=[B)TJ&X1)R4
M`#)&?CQT66FPMB&D.V3[9J/3-IN]PHT7-?55!Q:=:''L\
51*^HA[$LP+U(
M7_2QV,^7)W]^FZ\(==+8=E?+_&N*X(RE;,25-MU5O;YZ]C;6)LB!I'VZL

JOE2:(N

^AB]W/TK^4NYE=;PLVM_XTOR-*_QJ__HA#L_O+6OV(U6#
M3

M(UNY`L;

M'`\^=3SX!B\91R!H;:Q+^J[1K)O]3HMJ!KYK-_MFK]Y
'L/0JL&\$2RTM!OZ
M!OP`OP8LQ

MM#MFKS-XWOLOR/5-96

?DU\:;
MUS7C5SAY3@CXF6DTS'J]CO_CER;
+0J$CUP7NZ3AL=M$A9'/2V+B:*ZILG6
M;

M8W:



`'=$




M),AHRF,95(5`5X58!_FL(_*0Q6VK!+P.



M[I9Z)3(K40^$LQAC7[*E



:^7ZD3S(.ET?RA_P






?ZCRWUS@WZBW^RS%R

XFM?X#-5K$ZM

Z.\R2U^VR5BZ93&S1.AFQ@-\V=NL^TPTE;J=7B.MI'4^'-'&SH;JE2

MH^+69U*MYGK

$=&#
E-L
M7<YF^W$#%.PS)E7-^[7ZR`V&

M@`U?=;S8CT
:EH[ZD!@+

NX!981S
MX4CL.'`B['1/DX_2UNY\_E'D&U


0Y(0L&EQ`;Z:&]CAW

-9VS@
5.<0).9PE?$





M7+K=E*XM$UNSV5&J[;B16PHV[T5##Y)7#L=7Q2([(@(N]8




MWIX7TB+&R(^'+ML]IUV]NL)L&V:CV7XVM]T4&\_]_D80/9/Y*BNU:JT3QM.N




M7GE15FNB0B=P2!/I(L:2`+C`V])$9)L`D14BHB28[86_C;.

MR)K-7.=TJH!YL;







:N(N
MY$OJYOJ20(&E$/0?&(*^PA#T)K`6]I0MW)Q-

;2]98F44&E!7W:
MBW#S$(CE

SCD+CCMF3&AA/-%@*54GCTJ^9QL=(



^=^_!




]

MI?DT3!P-[7@8?+)M

MH[]:F.[6F59V!PR&E+J;!$?*[C'.)^V?+=_XF5679EMML]7:)/)WRC2[A2.\
M



MAG$6

MXM[#/9-Y8+FN`;1HW3



\PV.^

S.Y&




M0;9G!Z:26$SVZ?R`RR8&J7$W\4-FN+[EK1R`1J^B\(
5

M\T]%83S


M7&`




ML`U:#W4DRA=(R


=C+N=8






R*?OMFOMTX'2R4`H91XV9?CN(IZG2:=,I!.JV?F
MK5L3G3YX/KM[O+NJH7_:L8?T-I@WV;







M
]`D6062;'4U&]
4
MXPQ.



#L]4J
MK3FN67B5:'.W
?-NHV$VNI6OS].D60;2;.Z4

MS=8N2;/7-QM]'?#1)/D
#;-KMNN[I
F^V6_D&';5.H.




MM
Q6NV


MLS7'Z;;



M+]8
D8#96CZ.9#%LL`.C`+Y?


XV/T:A6]&!.?73
]A#M;X9
IU;XWNP;

S9F'D@Q@MS$2/






E[EF3

MW+!7O.)#!_M.X\PW:`-12=/ZX`




Z)C8#NHPE\AHM\N;D$



A90O3S5*:KAD?/`.%
G*<._Y!NK<0Q5(YO/<'%!(XSDLA?

OK

0?Z;YK..Q
M@QIR#%(Q

MS6[WNEZY6#T^R+J)Z?S')V:3HZH&_VV.:CGY!Z5$!=5Y--/L.CT]+ID72W


`?\4NZJ4_2U9[QG

Y`%CFW


M



M[AFMB4BD8_PE=N=&LY5WBH@QD5J

7Z68I+


;]-X)PLBXF/+$R/3[L)=;-HMX?+[95](D+?@`
MKW?^EWZQ/.)Y'+4MDY\#O@L0@?B#W^?I*7'\9C;Z/XBO\!'3$?FF5K[.X0B$
MQX9
8




$\@
%@N`)DM*?NA68.(UYV;85

8L

MPR'6VTU


BK+4V@IX)$!58W@IA90Q#-_
M@?O$`;(99+VJ1L@-@S9?F!9#52O!)D(C


D






#&`6G@!M].5GL.Z
MB4+0$GXVJ2@A9M&0E0Y!\F&AD]6X^@97AQR6C_`8_0BZ6QP`_D.P`7A-%%KK
M=)L^6:`T-5!`*S)6.-?1

%5_%))
JRWX-V?7XHR#
M*9WR\606`$(^5@E*GKC:-TWM6E1QAI$AER(2Y(!'K7*7*1.A$ISHF%&Z!;X









F5

MV-IFN]U%N`9U`FP1J
7F$
MV'8IPD389)&CI@9'6'&G.PJ1IJ1Q]@(XP_
Q+=82C







MA?.^H10551TIR'@0;


M#=FI/



'Y-L@NP`%;((LA(]XK7I#C%SO&DN?1)
M5E6B$U3F(HIID+&CDUGHL&,+)&).`XY7P.3Z?E%6;Z3@)%)2/.R(?Q`/C
M[AY&A$&.44R:FMIN!.A_?.B#*ZD^MDB41`1DBA5W1SZ88D4#(MN_!%


M@)V/_



G!*T5#@=;,PRMQFRIEJ)WX)
#TJFG\!

C
G9`)






%9







ML3282OM;`B


M`8I83RGY\!:6

4M/S
MT]5-%.UPF9QP@E()KH(U98\^V!
';0VST-\X_
M;)#VD:KF6-1T5R3,B`<I62?=D9.2,,E@S105O<Q5\`1Z2HFR-=O((+_9NI%
M]H=H




O+M



1M9X;'R1Y:)G
M[V^_O);.F'/X]A4UFD-9\TYT@)-?XXW?Y+



+.8W`M30BTWKN%(BT4CA(.M1ENLI6-#O\=S&4
M2;2$H+0?,\:12O'S.(E!=@\:[D4M]$O(!@KON68CF=A_K`!?]F(U.UA.:
M]NXD\KD4;LQT=-6'14@N)Q8.BH*=A,!%:W-#'!8N"U82O]F2B@T3EO



-VXLQFN.^1;\?9+L`B
M]TZV:_+F2@\I&Y4IHD&AU=)731'R0,78%E7_`4O`PKXNXWFD^1X946SR`M4
?3<M$N:9
GV3KSM0EY#4Z6A/R%$+9#GAYF\
M44E/P


3PJPC`\C$/\
K'B9](Q225ERXGCF=.H'#2*;IT

M070Q(M\R.BFI]]O)F$/*QGB/.FT
'42:IX
EU%1B2SD-I?

M1G$O[IW#


2'JCB.;B

M]!R




]%U$J&9Y`6*-*4/@[`$\IH:#KB_=8CYQP^6.H92-BLCJ


MTBBP1R@BZ]$7R1(\T


X
8PEDS^T1;\F'DY8$2L'P2Q^6
M?E?-X]Q


MYXLB/*:T85
ZV.%@K'0*8

M








W:IF


_T8-)E'AV
!U[M*29)
&OV`7BVN!:\(!?&H
MDG'V`;[VFGMQ@4K1S_J)@28



DI

Z2:/*\XC$)5




JU9C.0


M*\20C@(%@@!;X[S5.6\C8:Q:=.FH9+-.ZO2G]!2



9

86_2B\C
E*&7L)-$_T



MHABR;PA?##:WU+8CI0Y-136FZPWACR#CJ`J'CM8DX2@;*R_M=U
2$VE!6;I:






RL
)80)07/J


@4YB

M
=YD6

M$H
#L'4A(O\W3
F:N28E$*.:R0`Z+I'R%L]D-I.R@Z`EC:Y%HP*Z\I1^$!E+
M$;G4!%*B$$G+W57Y.KF9?FWS!)6FFJMNHYE!=:RTIDZHC_

4-5Y`SP_G6

MM(+.`R:RW=
.J[G%1DN@(


M0
(7%N!:UCT[[)[V_`71TUW?M86[!I(M?:

M

M`11`W!*00M1W

8D8VWZ6!P\G


ZSRYM0


MP)9HW!DMA50SQ=*FTFB/:(@1^3


9;QX\4


M@&;=4P65/TKG5%J\3=:


M6ZJ.J/H#_F-/&/Q46%XE7SFPT

S$YC

MS&B*KMS'X4

QAT.1:1G\'S;@PS\,19<ZZ@6875H+N`I+@Q/<4ND%
MW.W$\KXY20G'HH7&8:=FPN*1Y^--Z^-L\8Q!!]W`ZY+FBNWX&O6^V:SI9/^




^LNQO'D


UH]#9&\E*\!5L])P+-&\!'3I_
SXPAW_E



MUC9;`QW@TE)MO53KU+5(JS+_/\$ME5ZD);?G@^?Y#WSR)65MK&K1Q!_7UMEV
O3%A[K]4[4E
IJV9).X\<'@!F?0`%G5PE34QP;KL
M8(I*Q3FYEI&'D9'K!&%!L?=#A+A*?Y]):*86#G7]T0\PO^^<61S/!N1
V6A

*ZTQM.R_8B=TJ/V+`=QG
M;E@!O
6))H![V_=H?C%WPX6V/V
&?


;S%]1!3[V0_@$RN
C$L@.*N6CK;(?%

M#G(QDK1%/A44M;+80Y$J+TY\?OT[2U(2)5
212[%I30?SHDD\S([
SL[\\SL
M+
O42

MS:U1MM?/::/]LA(01(AZRZ5RATX
8B#@-0%K#8J=#2LBFRR$V3I3-%&#Z1

V+]8.



XFROZY
'T
X89B^X\)
@)4I3D4=21-@
MD_0;+%[


9M



48V=X8AM\]J;D8%Y2F
M?C2C5TK-RE^EHL?M4+:HX4@.'4EF1L&/F

=FS#)?<;&CUPF\)QBYX)Q58_WC/)Y_:'3Y'D(+0X]BVFY
M7&CXD&3TB3

\34]1
Z_KP`

M0&'\-R\&@K/@+C=+WZD=2N_\
1V?O;2WU-Z=XXSF`Z7W;]R\$BZ]
0/+?+RF

$X8K[V



C$/

!Z9Q$NG+]?T^
F
ML$%A$W)KU!X!SC&,)JMM#OC^N+&]];H-X@AJT2Q.?J1=*@UDX5/]X4Z&C&

M

M6G%








8EB:#WA1SNFG
L0ODZ#
+Z
:3B3O


M^VF(ODE7BJZJ!K&4KM%RD2PYU_V3NY#S0N%[5?:W1]H1HK[0C7N66H%E'T
M^A4$+6JB6M+BP.]6VT=28

H+`:6+H_6Q2U/2^/I[:


T\1C1U!'SYZ2FDXN9^4(?J9]43T$76A-QIX4#KVU25_E


G0RCA@T/



`)@E`@I!\.8[R6`U.B!/#
M


AA!Y4+:



M?8;;1R6J
RHWK)B0QC0EIBE1TBAI3$@+XI:*F&3$A'3GQ/9&5S`A+4Q^HO]
M0YK9H`JN[=7H]']2G[BJ6B3F)I



/@





-[264GN]T$41S=V',7C^


%5Y

KBN$;L$!


Q)J5@
YSHWNU4=6


M4S:8LFG@J&XF:*X3N#08N=[.J$W$!$)F@!HD8A29&

&CN:I9&*LX8`
=*NE



MA?$8G/#'S`&C\
3U
#==DBJLPUCW7\Q


Q
Z
M(/)`)LHPD^R\*(@C#*:/;%5THAM#(BN'!7N'$R?

XR2SQ;(;FC^D\

M]R($S[+I&E$
UK[9JD]`A4&(-NPAL62+Z$.SA5%75




?8A*
M-QGW*?%LH
/




P<U#:#JF]V


ML;@/[_QY.0/2INSY@4\OG^#F[
7+V]
[0NK1]*;1WL
H.]=M;E)H1D;IT7WG



M9DZ#46R[?AH]2]]L]P]WFJ3[)
'9'#]D/[MQ)(T6[873/WIK)9%[C?&VFL%C



MYO5]3QQ7NG6C.'2=6/J2A!!2WX1T[
;2/WT7W
&;X(I('^+Q57D6QF;GBH+3
MET;?X'P6MM3
O222%$U^M?X[85_!;#O3XL7
L6R4P9%V8)U2+;Q`
:YD2T?(


[/=MP$H3PXYR&;I!U




M.)DH%HZD:UA+^8EAXA`X0
Q!89NA*H`J@_84,T@!;^DA#9PH^71YXOZ7N
M?YFK=AOX#W],X4G@6R:C$7A]SG0KB@!/3OT[GD!E]@!]E?`N8[F'E7@+
$#

3?F&47*&9GP
MCB-
=:`32]=Z
6=1[`@L]


F`OFI76[5J5UNU:?'6



MQ189KORH`J@/7?^/FS$]O^P61`?)&FR^\:5WON/$![/*+S@H^W;#S3]R!IE
MX6S`V8`J@IP:@8Q/6L`C&+BK[5YW@AE$S^B3A+20J]`/RB`G/Z8?1\G-`N.



MJ0QX7?[]M\2'N^#!P*H@=A_!K`-1$2N\32;

MNY/4(EJ17ZC*^97G

M53PX@K1IS_./]1!5`%S@RM&')&*[[#_YPIA4_/(8MT.8(K9W8@W07!6+H/
M`X=&$5MV[L!^$3@35G;0-=BW%@G`%PA4H\%;ALU@Y[3HO1`\PA7ZTZ

M&!
)D4







M:*H&3%6CC@=6SK(P(,&L*(#7=&`;A.?ACE!\,;N\F.
XSX^U]^3..S.]==
M_/1Q/(.3U(?7TX^S
$IN8#2_A+?HO]^2%WXX_OOY]]_]
H$/Z=H?O@L3&+_/





S8/$T'X-7(7OS[)_UL&0-)%\J3VL]:7T1CBQ$LNFNWG

A[KH2BW5Y#1L/`V2I#X@O:U2#<*U,-<'.6GJ!0AFR$N;


MV8]SECH&VTYD.'





M2R
W#2EJ




MEZ8QV7'XV5?ER2%.-QU@V0:_B.LI\]Z0NTH-Z'MZ

DVBY[`GDVP3:!9=J[#-=9
MMF13%!AQW/LG2R^ZWV%+8!V6E9?=^0_61(6ES-)XR*$0!@W:%J_T2_F&U=P


MZ@@HL![G::&-M7;]R!2B0_6D)TG/;O-2SA_$`M`+`!AP44!G+($RDZD:D1


&RD\MB0\NDC+Z=3


`=1GAK!@JWJX[:@FH]@?'.-[2G&Y3HVI(=N'
M^/Y:VEALL^NBC4[31PTFS=.6T5
!&`$8BH#AL-C[*AA'T
65W1.8?_4#
JS%


MM9@EAPIFEXV`45LP

$?6_N!9G1%!COZ7#9

RSL5EU

M0Z[5H\295=RH2^3[?WM`0-I?XQ


WBAZF8?35C2:Q].S=

L6!5P=$4KU
M3AL;K3[B\VF7$*TN0P$\CH!'?/$&BYAC^)Q[$R;'V[
/I/%Z@F%)))V9)7*$
M-KH1`T=V@$GN^_$E-W8H85E*+4863-D$ADF\W[


MJ%)O3WE[T(7KCU

_63)(]4
MPPM6@5:S7D

@Y_
P0*\
QW_/T$X-HU@ZRP/LI(JL







5

M

MN.K+^(CG0U$;3E'(IDR@I?+
I%@RFB*6$'T^CJ.[CSQ)*6(*C[::+-G*AE1




M=.(

M3UQYM0AKHF.'$@J#9-ITPVB
D:E%GP541P&J6KL2B!T5LT.)`-N^L(#JJ
#0



MZHK6O4O4+[M:
I8GZNC?$[6)_\'=[;3)'FF1._%`P^./IS7?L7=&6GX\]3F9
^U/B

*6\N1;E&'B\U$5Y931%^


\0.(^]-W$






MS8+WNWQSEQ!?[\+[?&W:^4#8G$5OA:GVB-GBNN25/#HHA-L!X5F\V`RS=;T2






MLX1W_$?U\_
R

=?&V8-=

M'QD#&JBC61J(7D1S!9!HY-A0D1V!32&S,2@([MO\3W?1;6R*J*Z(JK;*)6





MNQ-#[8!8Z?Q&\?V7LQ_]*&6OJ9):MXH_DPUE8KG];WL[^]J:B*Q@14.L3O
M?4K%TWP3WCJ22[VS+CO$L4

M




RG]HOJ:_H/7M82L,]/%U\P)3#$58#D5[D4DEU@OA;1;
M9ZS3KJ72E(K[;:]YRMHRI%R5DI<?(,`X%JTRJ[T+X_`8)+\6GEF[@/TW03/
M%8[0WZ-#8(SGZ^X


F[!X*U0DW;%!ZT66F_\20;Z)7J[&M2PXDT
M5`7H5I5VLS;P365SV&U\6.'[QH

CIGM
:EMLUG]2[0/)CJCKOH2EX.%J

`JYP
M3S4*R*[KI&M`L?=OI70C(ZQ[TS@_8%:)=+

M

MVLQ^CYJ4+#=)%4TFZ_A`_IU$66_2H(POO


@L92I#+(!IBD#<P7[JK`T%6@Z`P/Y2$2N.T0%_R

J
PUH6I-H

;^=7
X`'PX
ME%L^1N@CO
/'C0]P$:+/!'=7`:[+R;:0%P_%+WN.!F_?ZG


MUE!W_#WD029*-&^'


MLJ0DRVMT'(QBQACE4I+;

4^4E9

Q#._I1*BKR

D<WZR@
&;B&[ALJR%!/_`O!]DVL'0V6G(034<8!O&J<M!G/L?+V`$NH76AMST7+F+


MEFR\P(Q5H!E28JQ`ER.%;`L8*D:4/1#8?/A]D7K,C!DQCJH1+Y`;.O`4TW
M@.


[E*T#8L@%

B)5S';38M?0/MYZV!=%![HJ



(ZECZX/8^((:#D'




MY./

#4#UKSDQ2



I'!)??[K6/KJ)3
)?2+QT/X41E($
MYZZ7M;8D



M+GPWCKTI


8;L(WR23MUE.XHGD37Y]
HT_BA#-Z2YSZ
MB1N




0[!BBO)*7K65
M:+V#L*E3C9A``#+.-)FWE53?A\Z
GFR?R3I;1N^PRYSO3.:9RM*:(?:0
YPA
M!GK%63V'.#=6-GH$0Z03^;]
4E[+W=4S9JPSS`]+NUTU[S:W.FC;X^[80L69
M9=4=:.R[9NA4U#-\D&9IJ55V51%`]6Q;I+'&/L`[+\9?3B[

MK^?:OG(%U:/EK6O.OMVH3[V3.-)[.45;K3*2]^U%?;)UV
LFU9R:V655ME6-
M1=U5]
(/VFI9-2Q[WX&1^35

M_Q!WEJE9ELKB8B6*`AQ4G(Z.4PPR1A(C.
27)LL
;R''(@CD6XF)CDJF9BH.





MP]A%


F^-1[5+V&/Q/@M^R']RFL1?`
M&(\ECZ3-1S


_=IN.
M__XZ@VXB)=#E:]LYW$ZS_]08H[.+#\\*A*'3(Y;#!







M_)U@VFM('%PQA
CRDLOH_R/29O!_CWN!6F8U54



B;7!Y3(]H@\Y+Z2

MOD6HN


MX[LPB'TWE\$ROGTG

\=*(M8VPGT!29?\7!
MY1*Y-Z8W

&R;LV0T\?SRA

MZI_'BK

M04U3U



M7D:-`R/%EJM*@X5A.(D(=O-\D=9TK]D615Q2%,\5#1%F5P](TM9[1F%HBQ



M._DXAR;-=MH&+(T*:TE#.SES&YM.^WAX






M`9C1)G=\9?
W'+((4FM\VR=!F6&*'8YX

M=1'(/Z&#*K+Y#KPH+4VK:K(:3^%JMO^Y+]Q963:EE+-MBOPR\YQW-USK-'_W












JRR&;2K-%\EZA+

6R#AKO$
M6[:T!P6M


V2



MY/VL8M7CDL
#J@Z8F4.E5KN`67+&05)426L!
U6O8_QJF%;7?0&HJB**[+W.



MK55IN!N@WY.J\?2\/AX3B;




M.I3Q(^(F]69&



DB[)]OZ*0U+;+S

_D0


/CDK:)97Z_0C/31O%9


MR(3KJ[$

M\
3PS%*AQG!


BBL


MW*(H]BIP\=
/R#6=NIFG
Q%NYQC
:&8'RHWCSI#9`YC
AG;@Q.;4.9S
AE*5

3Z





]HA\P[21.YZ[J*,::P4FF%6$;%/4O#KHW,79
M_&QN'8I4DMDM'VC?8C3(M]<)^Z*V[67(^E;!
*=:9O+8
FJ/UYV0=
K8XG_

M5A4S3R%3Z:2Y=
$



MU@19W?35W)8JG



MI5*X)/B1%*FK?#(_NU*:)_G!2ND_`J9K8IVT%=VZQI)ZA[B@$NZ5QJN&?3!T


2W:KQJ\HG7'%XW0'YQG*DWMJ=?'1M%]#XA]]6<(.\9
MO\$S)N1M&'JP6EDF<FD3^.&ZNA.615



4+



W*7




_C2YFF

M6C8'%S19;`/T.GTR

I
.:_XGYRQ7&($(4K(S7GJ$7!`X3<CR<+9RQ
].[IXD



^P0


9
M:



M
:JLHJ2RJ/8H)

MC



M*6YX^+JC
UF5%$$:D`#-W
B9G5%&)`8=3W`&0RKF@#DJ!![]7[U$!QP'$&
M)%&7Y#X)Y1PIG
DZU-BY[=X%:-@UH0P$N4\?R7MTQIJ0Y4%IHD'?A%7[)MU_


3Z-7N(69



]R1LX(T&\P+^]W]3:3@[Z#^6A`K&T-\9$`
M+!KY@DO=^Z/I_=B\H5(6\^\[+[A87R![LE@:[H]PRV$R<0(LVR.:(/.5[!=$
M+/S3<,THA30]E4W#4SD7:PO+</SS)DYH2^]GX4;C7\3U6?PEQE*R*)2PY
M?4BNJR#O)B#WKNY



M-!/!?.6GAL8BQ`:B/\P*XIO`+.00))529NS0&T4`'GU8@8+

M



WL[?7USKW''GGZ`@B)_(QY_(@Q^B=_Q



64P`;$-`84PI#B6F+8@V0*

;-Q<(CU)SD7R6MX@&TN&OXM?
M$=ANF/P*O\%TIZ,5R;LUPE^?CG3]3_1Q0+-@FCZ1(EQJ\#YB^3U2'=;$7*W/
M-T2:'D9N+G%;F&1DSXUY*\69X+)):1^)*MJI$`.?;EG6/&*FVO3O\S)3N_Y
M?W]*6=


M^71C=?AO
YJ$S\2NSXMWI[T1&2!&OQDV-6XP\IT
!%A3.[KK(-R6BL
KJ;?P



(#P





@F6`3UM13/JDH]=1*[]


M)@O
22I^]=#D?.Z\?KJ\_;]81D$`DJ*JI`#Z]I?CUWEA(I_PUREN['UEF1
S
M&DE&4W-)C
JQ__XAIJN)!\^QP^G10IA[+3R.8:7@/F4)3ENU72F0^VYV
`

M





M?D]5_H/BO

M@21(3Z4J


MSO=DK`X=ZMWENR^=Q]=.#X1@2H#S(^C0?YA&
'#!Z]\Z]X`X3YW+3W_K7)Y?










X

MA91^)7XAFBJ]K
-



QBEX

MK=JG@\J=#EJ':^'W:AP^53[AE#IY3'TG1]/OD?IIBO-WP5W1;SC:NE=D3'
M@E26;DR)+`ROJ'6-BL

M&D8`N0-\`Y8H9`3Q#71.CT9`PF77OOLLO5!$BR@^FN
#@6K3DL`GB`.T@@/L
MT#O@G1\PK^=P1NU=\95*:Z1F(*DK'ONNQV






MV`0X]GFSSYI?L[+QZDL[JW6-N0)SZW




M)4UHM8J9_$Q3JD+;:%ZE;*1KZ!IB*';=\GJ\


MSR^6P)'D5%0?IOFPZDG-POM80;A^MI4:]@.9GJE&Y2E):
WCHPJI*&M56Q`NXDJX2VPK20JNXBI+/
MI3GZKJ.P.POCT!JUW;SD=^T(AI%SL1+
%.OPK8JN*W=`\%PQBH[W7K^\T&%
MYXH'*KL`7?&L%3\68:65Z-PCXC-5
M




N)%=2DQS1B!6G)C0?00G3\Z8W3(M@/
M%.3:@6&3

3OTQ]#QYQC]`=D-*A(&@1PX


MG_$1@[4?7R619H`+G%U6;

X3_VN\[\($9A].H%!G.5;%/@FZVJ?PFNFPM]DPI+OA=6GY$N)?K6)^QY

MO779$XSX[TE@J





MQW7N


/_6
)`RLJ2+9ZPZ.4[1\:Z0FWBO
073E`(\[Z7YB=JH.65AHOBBH3IERE*!)9(PISO%X_Y4%:[$
M*TG@KD%F[-U=5]4SH!%[`_Y4A;R,;<P4KU-N1&::`U3XVWX$'8+S`TSVF6?
M.[V0;I;L
W4`%/Z[[AU/.EX;]4
N1-47L(5^DR.\)05)?35=)8(1RO3*:K

MVE#F]Z;-T.W5*G/2-UO]SNP.E.4''*XS]KYFW;@AYF5
U5X]*@^=2GPW!U*N
M\(S:P

;V1B]/8JEE$
U
+HJ]N!]G-X
MS4EQQC

MJU:Q^*1F19(D-0U
C?Q3K:2R-UM'TI11O24#V1LAPQ.T5V5
(Z%0=;*&LAG'
M

/D+.W5N%(P



\


^=)IA6S:N$&N2?V73WZH%'[A=&@.)GN
VAC$
40
M$K.'_FX9XD#SZ.?T+L
`X$Q5L9KN4B&W;(O;5[VXO@
?:;,H4:7O

TO&



(HKN%XBU[8WZ3;&K]/`P$3,L



E$U^=DO[UGJ&JT&4.\/E`K'Q

;K-E`*XM
/6.M


Q=MQ77QO/NEY:9G,*7K:2D@BTA-/!?G!D'L?8F8W



Y-4['^




O2H7?F9'%E
M=OLD!&'$GL;O--9F7&_T6FUE??CW5[\1`=MX.U)A+-[MX&*9;GY':LK^:&]`
M





MT=Z&$FQ)ST8[6YF16S\BQK1@


_O3K[_X;MW*)Q'GA\N__G=+[.;]S]^]W_^___W
M__G?_]_[]_]S^7CW[CJ:9VL4IN^^X#$+'WGOOOGIZMWXK_=CST^C^-VOQ5KO




M_

&S?_S\PX^[KP1^^/7)3=`[_
J&R3^_




HP`]HL6[
M\L=?'F^/I_EA^L'SUQ_*






XFY
[X3;$

D]EG_+)/I^.9





Y0M[BMN=LX(IJDEO?LX*IF`[:PW;F3'8E!]#P3HZ
MX+QT$^1A99N\)$T
!Y&

G?/JSY

M2?1
OGG=VF<H89,2M#\^V7T
M\L%#?L$?_,,A6_OG&(7/Z*EGQ`!)+UWUS3&L(8ZIR980PUQ:\8D#N!;-IT<
M\:D+DE]AN&
WN
47T.N_T89+\X.QSEEOB'X
^9;JIQU3_2J+2;S6C9_

MY



C.


M7!R#BP.*BZ





*M.'%D&



'Z=!QF)


8RFB[;BE9AC``U^Z4U?+.WT?A7.6IWXVWZZMJ\-KO@Z[=

MXSRK;R(QHRBCG5.;Q@0-7&+@!.=JO

M.

M2H\78X9S:M.NH8%C'+S@.`!K\
E9.9Q3FX8
#6PYP$5W2F6;P/A#;&[#TB7V
M0+)-


7DPZ`L;\


P-K%:)0EA`L#!4.?
;E9&1QRD

M7-@CU71CM(M-U]0407]+DJ(:W&RP/HQWXCLI)S9C=SN:M-H$X5.':\1U)J
M



Q'NHA@W$5VCFS6UG-VFEO




M7@AF]D9O$.

ES8C0;?.HH/
M.QQ_XZZ^2P&@A(^:-05\QRD)!.`D4&R!$C\B!R/AMZ+B``XG:R(/#+R/PFC_
M`/.N*?H

MY!(MHK@




RP(DV


*GQQ
2!-6^5&0]BKQF7<%A




X-%6E*JO9;=N=+<L;R%.'9*L


MGIGRG2L\
YYG3^@]_BT)Y(E996;!*PDX$'&*7F`+[K_([F
(@ZWE!MJBT[



MHMA'R544OJ`X];&VL)^ORJ2U_&2KM?0EB:^$#9PRUGUI1=N;:K3Z\(4CLZB8

L$7T/K)#W.GCK(^)EBO5Y5N



MQ5=*_.+/4;$S']$\6A;

2GJ41X


!T;6JVA412+5M-UG=
M!-&W9(B)'F*BWT!

RVU8];`=X9?Y1;8EC/IB9J*G


M=%($SD6R9_$CYKIP[@=H[W#@

M@N:1S&E6\R.ZY;:`#$:K3+Q@'*-X0RS_I;
G0?$+IWH$8X+53*-NV4D`)S;
M^!.F6MYR+,3S'.4Y`R9+$9)@K@'DCO/4)8F)!;+T@%.]D7NU;D\=-F*`HF/
M)M@-!.^6N6P*&

MW=ZWRH2!$V-(266X=.


MPI7






)1.(\V
MX!=WOL([

:X0RGE/'1@W'GAMYG

E@'*D\4T6J3?2#/IT@+
=Y:+YI$N

3H5#?Q;O$K7*KI)W.G6N<P[0T-;^[F;B:K1JCLS;04RS

M6SJBXWD%,3U6,@E%W8N`!J\FNV&]H2`;2&G(*+%0BZ]KG,!,&LV5YI30?P
V*E9P8I$8UXSR
MVZVTCG/1EX[:RFC!T=`8H.L1X.E:E\Z;BLB!4=/H]\S(XQ-'&\PW*(FVE+S
MG8N^=


M3!&K?CACI//1:L*A`JWIW**@`R8?;5NM5
B1W3#GH]7VSAK8L8\+'%_^%A]2

].6




T7X51$TWTQ7.@L*)006B:EVNK/+4E\2`9/2??G%
M?_EQMG+]'2@RDKW$7#O]SF7I+XN!08']&J587?@]N_2CM/J\BBXL-=U.MW%9





M8@\B6=90IMIM2MR8(0Q


MX16VT96R)ZL^QVY#V\;GZ1`%@W;#HWL5)?/8?R[B11YB/YS[SV[`K3K5:!WX

MX;X@XI($O)%&Q:`
?YGYB<%@?DN,\8,0[E#1MQB'!1T!'F.$-^C!$2^CV$<TVE$TF[N7@LD&?:

2%.YGBP;0&'GTZ47]M
*S%KL*'
M



P`WF`MH$KQ)WW%CFPW%=B)HZ0VC*V$O'4&=(`
M,8-FX^VS?Q5%VX9]LAR2F&HK]4Z=*Y+(P-'N'E&`Q0;OP8W33=[2Q,T[G227
MF_J_%1Q^44


$_0V%?V0A*0;#I^?A
M.+LIC?+DI


L]-!_B(XA..('XYPS


M*





.



MANI)




M86GG(W0[C$Y


M[)+&S+%6VX!+'B


)P;G2DCC)/47Y

WU\2M


'=
MD.
-177*Z
M5=^!&A?D



M&X]#[QJ?(ZI8RQQMUS\GEW'#!5ZWL!+_:LL)@4S9,G/&@[?UR:'DX\W]0-

LSI*M3WF47KEQO
&P




(2RO9U0MK^+;ZH_P7:=$02

\%R]%]W
MK-?K0@`4;@AH+_V]_%+Z-]7@EMI4

M4Q3@]9:?\$44NT'^0JXQU9.4_/
+8EMGS'S(;HLK$_!-H&HVH5P-V^4H44
MI8_[U'7MQN$:8#8+2X

ML:


+73X9]K?'5&(L<WFA?L`@[N,\3P-
M-P=U7;O^%1L7!Y,,<+PNF191W'J_U7&A[GATL<_


A2;2W[=:\HP5:7;KS$


MK@1Z[
:A'RZ3!Q1/5VZ
+MW$GRM*K+RE['8Z:AD.*4`



#VP:!92J

MVC7TVD\MD;-MF]A&$#VB.?)?B'PP5(X8;!)OQR9QO+\_Q5$BT4B'/[$W7BLA




M*/PU#!UJU`(4MAT

)PG%65




:5/$(/Y$\)J`-!IP/(&C^3Q;


=6*


Q7@`Q3-USZ6'PK(H:'^-M!C8*F1K4(


MY@%ML&*'Z__EKS)!N8[Z(






MVS?W43B7Z\UP.+XWKF`6]+8S;'*XW!PNKWA5T\%[.#RN`![7H1C#4(QA*
8P


G3FSRX&W*\)R'B2[/4P79-C.SM39.5

#`:XU3]Z





$'


/TJ+8ZYA;4EAJOG,O4BG


MESPCN(SDX`8FWV

7!O?GE9%-TW\8Z
&



7CO`BL^OS)QVMGTL[2

WBH#

6^&R[LH2:[<.-XLHOB;&WN\^T)A%;MA;[+\X?N!Y=`$8RLY
M`AO_L/U=Z1$CA,'_+X2JTL=9

M8;#


IIU(-_^HZ

M!3Z,L$6HG&_D#EOYVM/1J?X^R=!7%?KH1-`BB3^A1AR`F`FTLF
(A8UH



MYN%?/41Q\9EL?^4I4713E*!#4_1


MO7@5K==1F$.]B@(




EW

&99;@;=@2PV!BC&VXK=S@$J+
MR?C/C`1/#6[QP2T.URU^%;A)

I1E1FP

&2O


LIM53CT
C`N-BP
8!MWXH1O.?=)5

!YCA[B:(Z0EQL@;Y
D(]D$
MQ-7KOVD'P)WCM;\!K1R_3&*RZ-#IQB*0_NAL`T692;+UR.PN*NV)`O/P


8]:.M`F^Y1`F7QM)Z




V7&*8W*20

M0P^]YM7*JT0GEI&(
A2\^X$#N



N8]BU(1'F6(!/BD-CK,`$65FMEY
M_(JE.#\1^IN$<^%GORFA8MIN]5(VKMSU5?J20I=
\1Z[
*UX5YO0VFQ\Q:0


B6A8;TRT;5RT'2,R2<JL`;Z):A.,.N#/)_(G\JZSF'181[$?,;M5<Z:`
M;W4J@4`75OHH7B!?D=S42?U(3A:AT$$9QNW=IT1RZJ1^IF+4`#46WNO\OXD



4G\?_@$)53;$

=

MP@-9K`S:Q`Z_/D58MO$:



MH?Q#'
T1\I(;C.!MDF1N2`+O#^
DN`%3

1;&
HH8V
M@7'R+41QLO*?N1UBE-=P3JT&PRFP4@DE.
[

MDC(+.*=6`^J4CJ0L/G#
T46%RUHR+





.W2@@B\7.^VH@]
=-5ICW
MQ-IW$\7C5S3/TMR*_DCJPX4H%AI)Y5=PSJ&K^PT0JIACL&JOJ-


L2





[&2Q*9$_T?D(




$3OED.B._M=HGG_TY$*=`;2Y
S/\%8'4N3?.3*=1(V+G(=QP*I_25=H1L4<M<\R2
MR\UN3)D!F*.SPRGTI.4H$Y\SU*)36@@^8BY#3S2#.AA9^DWL)!RO=4MU8%Z


MDY
V[)9:QU1;6LCLEB:


5^+WJ29^


M0MO\-%+5OHUQONVW375J-=3@RS0I@/D3G\3H/LF@.WY]1G.2GHSB-2\$VMQ'

@[9





MEK/Z.]RL#8E3;58@;IT6%%!^9FSL87U`6BYBT.'6UDNS:L?WWPE5H\`M1M0/

M859CI(_.3]F7YG2(D1YBI/_.


M#023Y$NG;Z6]^(1%&\_^+P13266!`A4DD:!U:K_-Z_QI2N\F4I6P\*:.##
MV`$1F*A!A&W*A!`#M5$3[P
?#0J&6P#K`Q+/?E%7A[5A$^\`'ST*AEL+JQ
M
2QK

+9AB4P9`_&/+[;\@?.LSWJM7YT&%^
MZ#`_=)CO4G@:.LP_#1WFF_!@Z#!OH\/\;:BZX^LS^M9-_@!VD\6Y:Q64'M&R

+0
MBHX'&4I
UZH4T:$VV7EX^RVFO$T;9BJ%6JCE

M772]WWY4T)!K?YB=;&KFIN

MS*
@7QQY=


MUO.!_B3BZL
7HLBG&&%2Y!U-%OF_)J

M0V2CNX;=-NV6VVO46K$#J:O2I@YB[VK[VFT9#[2X;ZU=/)!$A%G$Q&067:)M
M`/`D1%^B

57HD5G$N#?H*<\$V\=%?1M7&IANKF)LAC@Q28%V5MO






89HC$T]:0]1%?
MAF?
`5^F4`8#P=W6E3'A2%HJ*[*=#-:$P9HP6!

J^(D4'M_;


UI2[QG\LW'A]&X;12[Y5;J+(*^&3X(WL

ME_'][''\




L4;ND6


M-/1&ZRA._;_RW_.LXQ+3#;7\
V$HE\3&8+GPXB:]BY)DE*:Q_Y2EQ
`VB^ZC
MD!@Z




*73


)?PGU&`!0
??[Z
[)$F/V^F
M7:]7

M\@&(N4D70Z`':]MUVAWM7IJ!@PHTV'CM$SA!Q0R,J#N1\CV9PH809YN;`;


TYQ44(CL'P





`L``00E#@``!#D!``#MO6MSY#B2(/C]S.X_
MX/IN=[+
(JLKL_HQ7;
[:Z%7EF8S4UI)53T]96-C%(E0L(M!1O$A9=2O/SA`
M
<9J%2?P_?_?NZV]^AW#L

)L0!







MQ\3L\S`_7



M3&IE=X2K==K6)1(65;21'P?8*D?\WD]()+//W[8F;)


T#$8P
MT(!U$GL*DT]`/U$AQC7^/DH-:'%\JFO5%8Z[Q;TDZP\^)K\F*GHZ'&P#3UM
MDBK1`!B&Z#C[CN=9N:VU,*H?9V-4)7@S/L?_V4//\^P%37O)#5V?)K_Z+

MA&7U])Q81NI%UR2__*_\4&JJ-VQ1C6U3ZA@YLN!B(Y$9*@]99V/9K/Z*E*
MOL+R-6(IC3TOTI1\\K,?_Z&_;2RSBX(-Y=H+3X8;T5D)N5PW*H8B-138
`;UU%GLC=ML<8TK
N
X*\XBOYWG+S$]]C+DA@'UUE6X%2@QW(8H]D






MCBCH``=47Y%2FPK
G^^NJG(GVYQ2GGO9=AT'\)_+7XKPV8N(U63K_-Q+TP.)
-.Z#*<_7=O
MM_\7Y
./^`ALRWHG3]+BC.2-F\\GS
:^=_%\?F;6]]^7ZD5_O/P_/US_N/YX


CX_@5(A#+6;12C#F6B[3!18RMN2-7R5=R2`L1;W3+JV##

M=P3YH(/$`ACY^X7(WQ

#@@Y8\WJ/4B
M@KN*4HY#Y4#+VU]5JJG[MF6*NJ+%;*E,Y))(C7I(Z0FUG4.,OLR75'P/8Z
MJR2]]R(%QR`$

MR(3QKZ]

?NHY1A=%*:_H%V%^A/2!;


(=+#+ZS
M*=(XS`M1VMLB9S@`\PYBI

MY+-'_%3FR29_(0+[VMHK$E
7G=;+$A-7'(-EZ5PR/J0)=S55@3)9@BXEOE=?


[)F8.<=P1?8H
M.?Y(=BC!-=G(L(U5296T8FL`T*K&&2AJR<


M(VA]$)$?'&AJ


M]0Y#C^
.PIKLBZ3`2*]W$



D%+NT`U
M0F?.4/V%$1CC)RAW
!+DPY!8EM=;R`V+(.U`466)SN









T!7]1ONR]S1$8K\*KN




MW5H0;
K!H75DG$/F5&J.\



?1


M=X+JVP[H31BC@
1Y7IHALM-@EQAZ-07V+O

*:O\?L^`IMJR0$I#MJYOE2A;

6N
M\(BX707:SHUBC9V?272;+BNUMY+K82UW8ADQ@[@:V&AG%)+K8ZL\EHT*2Q



M*1MEJ8[2(IUZKZ)
I]1HH9S$1_3*WL0.PN16)

M[

0:O9L)YK5OU(GF=3

)-1IS

0]C#0]_A8;
:@C2Y(@TRT?.Q#()6YK=A
M;-OB-%Z\-B^V[=4(







M
^3!^X*SRR]YZB5I$



M6=#-1




MDB][K&L6]$YE'I7$
?KL_H0V.+








1

MWCU#M:

$
X8K5_*2917P;=OFE]1RF:




F4/2EJ7G$A`D89%5J9#[9ZO&78HL7M
M?4R8LTOM.%MT*CD\-4Q.-=GL



8+`Q)P'JULA
Q:?!1-
M\X#

U2XX[B%ULNR


YKCO$1MN38%_D]'Q*$/N
MQL-CK-BZKVKZSR:1^MY*B
F^OY(P.=%CE9B=\ED:W&I[K6;.SDV_-6:N]3R7

M/JD!^4^(P3IPO#F=MT2;-Y
VIZ6




422[QKN9(Q6VP<SNWM<B@LDC!3/9@EY/?RR0+
MFDJYH#XJ

QODAV1
$E.L0?;U!Y1`0/Y3#03VRHM23
[(2;
Y;%*I?O<

/M(::=TF2R$2_^?K+MP<$&E?TL%_R/

M0:X#V=R&[/8B:+OT#,2Z\ZNCKZ-\GK+/HX[+L`+F
CP@DVQ-:;)W

M339DK


MW)ZW]M^-03



3B-@MB)(XI
MK<782(Q`+@2.JT&^TJ&CX?*P<&K2O6GK#XNO*2E2JO4YC53<Z[M`N_)C(?4



MI!F0LO/2GPF&9W8/`G\AGZ5%E[\4'N1#8+?*[@T16/QES_H.95X$)=HY]K=Q


M_)9P#(SD11K3YV[W*5S;HEXFRVB:BZ5%8WHXGM0@?F*G.YN:+^D\8BMW).86






MHW6+']VDB.&Q5LDVD5FG6VR

M4H

MC)6@/7A?+K]`(@6?X1AO0IE_'8(T6L0UQ$2_^*0
K(]%^*@$0F]*L/E?&E
N

$W@Y&




M

M%_M]%.)4F+E4@C5WG4N)$=4=#(.%/A0UM*6;7J/8JNC/$Y0M1K_B3:]1#$#R
MLW[


M](YI_?Q.OO5R]$@_!+UVDEWHH_(LG+70WA2TD1K[;MDL&JZS$HJC(BBOZHX@
MOSV/C99'+.L?)SDADNQ9B=N.#JCL&X)KSK-F#UO:06D#35]=63G
ZKO%Y47#

:JZ[9NJ@MKVDZHE!?<6E

-@-VQU\EJ;CO;U:C!?D=OY!;X-;ZXC_^I5B`WW3=_'YG?/Z
MY8ECJWR)$YR(V

MNM_@[$.:9-(W9H9`3;XS
\Q&KZZI!(%*[1((':%6B
+9:;`U@IOSUK
2=4-*


R.S*


9+Q*7
MH3H$I$'XHP@-!@(5'=X3U;H)E
WH`F

MPYDIS

/2:6#PC.
@


M5*[/&:OE:7Q9'LG0P.GZFZ

B5%Y$:(2

MI0-$C

E4;8&T?WL?

]HQ?=T)KLR6@F:;U0)DF:/9N;

3_]#+./6.4:-J@P-H*?+A
I0XF4PN<%^Z59=@UC19'&/4



U
-UM_OF`_7/Z?'ZY_7'^\_/S0
MNV-FQ@6YPZ])9S3&7KON:(2Q&FY2W2/CEG:RNH[]%$X@+C#[[\N2!F-Z3;6



MN_GXD)#=)]EEYH=;

O






MP5_
H





M9C-#


M:8


MFWVW18$9SD

M
KRQ/KOJ#/4:HC4*Q-A[*0S:F;OLI\^@6O_=\1R*(V*6+XMK?&52T&+'74W+
M:[?=U3
[D[6_C[E6WL`,%JI*RY7VKZF+L5KRJ3?O_]S=W#VX?+NT_HX\WZ



M598!
=F8BRZECUZ&@UOOH/H,]43$AM^8FB0WA-
I0;?;%`3)2IQ5NW@*-JW9X`7

_U)`

M\](46%]K'%A#EN/`IN8/Y^L&M

M`Q:A3)+706C@%3=`1=(0:&?BK_ZX#-V.+/I$7IJ677O+1TTIRM_9#AF\UE


?I


M;4V%7(7HV4D'#.AT&9OPEN8\Z[3PR?`5G#FI^$C`+!&P1.+G#Y8G:6DU_X
MR5


MR9N4Z


MRZ;91)ZB:@Z]
Y@[H[[%O5`=AC6
M:`.484;Z[4#8]JT!Y**E66#-;)L3117L-S=1TS]SUK0.R)3F84;V[;1EF+HM
M#4$:M*1A)GH/11TAJB9R[EF18;9,6IBVG7M1TWG3*Y%&2:<0T'4!3'M**&)
JXC![#591:8X-T:%?5'=LSS;?!J^&JNCJ)P[L1I::N&1-YTB/P&(
MC<?=5(KCJO?07#2AQ1DQFQV4*Y/P83?;5G5I#A\BL^+-
6QWVX7&P?TGQ$U






M




-D2UYX9ZK5:M^2`;7O^6V-?6R_!M



&9S?7QZ$;%9G4QF6S%K
8<L?CKV*=1;
M?_6Q6EF+QS`O6Y<K?M$
:X0Q4DCWQIKH]^E0S9_2C*QLYZ/-A3QVC[62FSX

HK'B`0;9DJMUHS5F.VG1YGFT8Z%J*BHV1R7]-&=[%WB#
M1WL*L$YZ_

M=)!U.W&VMIJ+0VY=';=AU8U%_#

_2.Q4\$Z:

M2`=
XV3Y4KM!.HXQ?B5Q\YXG[.L\=D4T3Z`)/6%^S[!;O.FI86?MVYSJ1F;I

-^&8LU9]K%9L=0SS
JT^XF-GEU53I:KQ

ZX)O?-RVI4X]HDG&UL?
M/0*M%?\PBGV91=0(F]8`.%$;J9/NP65IV/$.X\U#[!Y&VX:5BW+E&32ADN7L
MUO'$H%X/HYT+:YI

88@.2:U0CMM[)K
E7EI9:TI9:(I-:.%)JEG8J
M
YJD9/

R2O.'%6/85M^I'R]&`$JW[G?^=@2A
==<-`S^S2!VY[7H9ESYG_UTM2+%4JV9T3NJ-,6BF(N
M=U-]X$1=\ZN2SQ(.6%E`\SC=E_)S)^-DY;YFBF.5.II9G&GUA34<EH3Y0==?
M#L;=XF##

M(I+7Y)-/O*7?0.5'$/W*JMP-EA]:H?I3K:#&ON-[I6*S=?5A/J.47928S2+M


2HQ@R_.AI
A=Q)


MP=K/YB+

8[V6_AI(#/H(+=:Z

MR


+^$7GPHO/B:

MGB"OW$D-E)T-O@^FM@^VLAW\;RV!,4NY7/'J_5$ZSRW\+XUVU@FKROT.!

*$255--&\A0A6W(3(VI

UV^KI(D*U(04^5X4TII@9#_3?X&@Z





MF!9;+SQ^327IH0)K+.&AQD@OV5%I2PG7U*2E]Z;$)0S=@9C

M.JK73MVHZ]VD='


M%




N9*;T-$_CEDH*=^DR)V
(8';
M4Y2T(K8+_(RC9`_5JTIG;=IXS$7PV@SVHWB`E4X6C%\`XL[9W)CY[03S(^:
MT-D39)R]PY@\F1B-W729C#W5K%EO*\DPN*(HV94(8DV-)U3@[.$G#_%#=


MS`@'
Z-3O`?N-FT/JKJGF@MAP@GXU!MT?
53N9M/V?TXX3666JZ!FL_2
MO(SR$VK



3C@/\9




M2E3'ZU'GJDIUIR9PRF1/*E'5UM=Y#IK.BBR

`MACSCPY(D(PN`!

M/EBQO,E#GP&5Z1[PR/7%KJ;#CRG&@\^%#,-:UOXN(RJJ
MM$(5F/7G0`RR9-M2NJG8C
\?9L0UUQ^\;=$G)@L39@6?@@[M0H'FXI*1*3V



[IBU6.NW*J9#$!V#FN`K]BA[



M;/X5QW\O8FAX)Y_





;!27FH-:_C




];@;J
$00

)07






E44)JU96^6[UJRK[U:;!IXG67ZS*=NQ!8S4

M'5M7W

MJ1Q^3AFT*N:K-VO#6B!AC'`E$.*=
9-'6



M-R0)K

8'=


M9'^4SN
![9ET'IET-J5TO.-'[&U99O0J[=8;L[D4
RYSO2%#%O&8(LP..DRQ




*L;'N]06=GJ




:SHGE^X$33+OB?YIEKM`4U.M$F\U!^I3.?L0*?9


MO/B0ASM
^[J&U%&R32




Z

:.D




]2KV0905

B`$9':
3`[2N-[IRU*XSU)FPF%W)%HDQU'](8



X+(Q/CX?HLQ9#W604#;S7K1





MDD!Z_



*TM

S688`JJ_(D^'`.



R&&=?UT
M1*8C$.3E9(?_6.3T?+S

MTRNIBVN(U)6.73)D?M3

MRD$!

5T
M]4)2`G#TR/@L/4_N?5D@:Y



Z#7\VP):3&7X-@U]O([HQ\FOUX]P8.#S4C$3D!E]0&D$
MJ_U'EA@2U
Y*:.G.82
MA8IWD(0^;=^`.K?A+%0D+67!F?^$IRIG+*=*F]*YVU+,0?7$KWZ_UMLXH\

'BT?4


M(V16\+CF5QQ:)

D9


SSD

M-W?\I\J@5O37_'.[1JH*!AE@0^-#
K+\^DF$@U(W.#88E/E`%T/!]2Y)\_#7


M
`;YB4

M\''-SW


MC1-'



VP*:N








M#CXD


(Z5[

M0O`$#!$%(=X_^'#T%6X(:?$33JTO;3++Y2UI$K

W!

LKS
J='KE:





MM#JU.,7AJ6,]_2UN.1[`!:$*L[%CI9$;L
M7OA54)_^-=]AW9FP=MQL-J&/+TG

M8ER-L[.J*!+;75F2#O&.+B\R+6\M
1(5-[?
?/+\;1CC]$!
?M`R%8`
+C!2
MTKO*5`^FJTL]W/+2

R+%!-2KL(O\--@



M1XIW0$:P]+`-


B2!&%:_&3YM$3!1`0+B
@^




Z#OJI3

M[9N.OG9R';&R:AH\.P[C



M\FVA&

3@M'V]S^#4F]M=X9$/J4[@!?^&FZ+@=8`K4'&^@)T
M2.L=I+*_VY]



N

MDD?2GM*^6_OS8'5E*.9S#P_W84$Z2[40`J=LEH&RQ[\HXBM.*3?BBR4'-?L
MPECW*XK?5/7$7T'/L?`H(*_,C7H9\A#!5T04,&\(C`T/!^K2*8?1T&1PAES
MNXC

P\GK-WGJ=14*J+QH)O5&1/Z@#ZQ]`.U:.^%EYU?=M(
M9G6?T?`;\F`'^.R:Q=9[)B`8QX)J6`CP'I

)[@G

M+=C@64@C%7:SZ89OLO
1.:#)
Y



MR&^O^P?(ESS5[0!(=6ZLCVT'Y$?PDW(UO;.U/56].GP!OPBD02'XHP`.J6
MGT%S+1


**V1OU
@OHWZV7J/^$0*?I
M!5J9V6Y


MZ(ABA2HDZ(X66U`\]-)AC8G^Q=[ALQF.-X

_7/?

M^E+:4T




M-B5@

M&3P&]\4/

M`%

P\)#E9V

M2_&1P_?

W#8WU*)78*-





MSL8M]]K=C\*(BY``PEE$R'VZ:E;TCCE@!7&




HP?1V=S&'YK%@5'OGP-FC^`JW6
.L<10Z[XZ/!\K;?












@W;FK4
MS!^MFCICR_7E&MK9KR]75TV#SY97G@+J;-?/7ACI!V7C<9E\YGP$HY)@ZPV@
M^0K5B`11U<I66#4WVV48,E.


:U)-N@G

M4\F49@\J%S;*+W=G2($L1DT=MC442Q=!.6'EY,PFSWCG@$;L]?AK$.$)GE

C(Q?#0]A__@G&#/X#SFC\;+


M3N$\\K+L9O-7+TV].


8




&I4R
M2_U:$0;(SKTK4%8P1(%1#6VG9&@T9[0K'-J7X+9\@JODEW?RZ+'FAR(



^*K7FRZ/SUOT76`


7X4+5(3K+AUX7QJ7Y
.KB]+Q!S\=IN8(I


/;J*@

MT*


M4

)%_LB:R9X=/V



M%5DU40V*!D^S5:!-'G0H




M#-GF)BQYI/T6:6O&
AE1[

MD#QSKP!DK/I^@'3Y@_:-.

M7?Y2A$0\Y%/2C)L$PJ`^BXGF*$'=LP\=AUO

MNAPT5RF[B\NP)73M4FX&4UZ(+IO$7&$O)]L5D25VAQE[X[E'7O]`M6S/7`ZQ





M:TO1N=40#WX5

MO
/6)*VG/O!'1/]JIQ163AVUZ3W\5;&UC*ES
RG9K8VW#O5&+]+U-+9W;ZZK


MW6S.O7U(]CO'QP!%5JH(;:D!K9B9P?ZRM&CQ9H-*X!4Z@KO0.W8$9U7#4UK6


JTL8FB

[S?L1UGO?.7N=YKW^=
MY_W
UWF4+O+8N
[-W;I2:
<[MX-'=XN\U'39[]+B8Y[YOKV
MC#[FVOP<:GRO/CLJQU5=3.E'5P*'`DLR^S2;UL]@38ES#L
VW7:`6\)EH
P
M\Z
$T@4*G92-

'#`)7^R7D[J?[BG_4LZ'\/.^VR8E3,55N[










MJ;@GO;'3QGL5IEE^EQ1PD5=6B3


MC%_HGZ0[&S4$)H

M[@561N*

U+
M%[=/DTV8(Q(^1$F6T3CB6%2]0C'.V1/#5+:Y]P5BJI=MZ)-(`XJQ&[+.$P;)
R<Z<WJLUKYH1G=E


BBPOY&-V
MHT&IQ?9C0)FYFCPD:+XZ73V^=T/I`]B:H$;/4!08F?@:?45JE^X!5;#V):
M8\SLN8FZ$O9/490UT)95?0Q_@9P4Q'GL#YB3GA**@P]MS:9$S`QJ7@
0'2%!
M`YDS=\.RC+%GS[ZDZB@W+YDNVK(NQ?A8`F3-E@8BGIZ.E=DOFW&R%@/W9.M*

MK)9$5J.Y?@Z)MGWG]YW8$]#JBMTQ16PQ=RM1]78N5JSG!L-'UA
R*P_?8%V#
(T)@/X*PN5:[S
MHK6&:3/3?

05
.#L508+)=5G#:'

[5]$SW9*!MMJ]R)ZQK+7


M%


M5NPV
S]<+RERH;:65%=(UIM?=2A
M&BKP:ZH].M3BHB;3Y_;R)5'F*5?#Z^*Y!O(KC
B9*TS5T`])*I!NA*PS1HI'BN*%4CTGK`3

`YWQ:[I;*JK`SBX\';D

-`Z3NC&


M8R.MMAJ=C6KCO3
%ZL'ME


M%D

[


M3.PAN243O_4RW&Y[HG1(.X3#RD'M
&


^B9MO80UU5-!#



@`^RWQ6

2:0JW5V((


M/BL./#3=42[%5Z;;FF6PZSX1./2J67\)I5WVF\-
=M5OD]=;`LB_$&T3]!.
M^$]K7?.GD6FT*SYGPGM=\/NS;5XC+Y*=%_)*=@0#+6AE3:)DPMD8ZYHY@50;
@+OL`.P<<W

6XY_)D._^41_%





YWWX[6OB$,%C1OFF9UK&S8P!O*YQ[^J8X

W4R-E4#E3

M2EO

M(Z%T.JM1*8Q_K$9+.ECSJU'+NY[X*4/U7*N-

M8ZI):&YS^R:1K9V.9_H19V0I6L=!=3#TD
URNL8PY%
)7KB'?TM%3-2X5*D
*MPEW@115(.



G69Z#GR,6&M5NPGC)U:E+5)9C
EQP]9I$28


MIW/:U.#QFK`2QEGHTY[)9BYN=KYY0F=$
L$9RPS67V8-U$_U1$='ENNGIY2V



E3(FG

(]WE
M6AIITW`*$=\(P2[@&!D5J$$&HG0@(.3H-FM:3K:GT6SB?I2+6]ZC0RCNW+X
M3;3IF$OD1`_E`-?S4L6R\G&O37;Y+(SVVYEY)KS&E;T]NUU*PMZAX17L9[W

MK3BVDGC%RX6RR$_Z\1DS8G@=2X?0PYE;/43N364!?AH
ON_?EH@_68[8






MD*@);S;8S^&;'J$Q*Z*\^GCB^T6:8@B'R&\\&@J%L4=#-?S\^F(@VY9R^C'0
MF


4XG*WCY(#QMGZ2YB)5*`]R-2D=TGK3G/]=_03C.A-

MZ7P]:\WX')HF7\BZPXQKFG#!:DR@[25*($O^!&I')7-?C?J0)$&VCH//28Q+

MT*YH


B!WV&#T1
MS.4QCK9A*:I:6+Z#F-0(B[[[ZI3/477#N9$*2KRE&B9R1I@)%+I%=)2.#
MD$/QHEBPK9!1*%5S:\`ZHLAQP$_H0B_T.)/U`5=$8-G*[/4Z[5:`;;NF+=.

'3]H
YJUPG0NDERN*YU/['-6DS*J4*NFI7G#]B$A
M(4OCE@\A#U'Z$6P645ZI/%DJDC_



NZ]<_3[%SV%29!&<(53B(O)\^ZH6`67O-\\RH.KZ3J!VB?X?2)L0
M';B#GK)J[:ZF?^44JI:XPEF@9(FYL_)#B'WIYJ3-(0UJ2Q)15@G47TD-KW9


ZVY
/7Q.&E

]R-3*T6M.[WP=T0&V/=U7&VG!E/
M@A-F[7LO^1[+YZPYQ-2



M%^2GC9?NKN



MAU]*\RL&
';()&Y=]!QJ)RL$-3/BCU]N')@
B-OCQUDV]Q6D4R0E49`##[
MLA2?9





M3

MW+GWA?Q$ZZ.2^D!-`F+%^^Y2
FP2(F$'GJ)2G92WKI`84YWI$_%7G9$RK`

GNW-\=XQM8&?(1;

L'63.2;#(P$2M%-R(1
M:H0Y#?Y

*GO@RK4





M7164SBQGF#'3'7*2'[$GK]%054Z^X1C.%+$`3MHW-')]N\]L[XM&RNY1%T
M#



DIYHGXA9RE@G2O3'TS#
GK:.-\VNJCIHG%=$;6:S
MS2

L:)_OSI).RRIZBCS;*KI2Y:9?@\WXIY1.:D5398


B?O0BZ;(Z#.N(;52


M:4-`

_Q+06;^\IF&
MN%XN6S^YPTU6VO/)[=78U\
0'0=+2FYM49R5:*.7`23*T;L&(-8


M^3S.ODQ6W&S.O/AG($VB^]SABEK/T0#9UW6
I*LL1[P0*0!F!*B/6@+_S\93

MO2R#=\\H3G`4_O.'UD^__/`.A9-HBL/Y/W_X

M^._KX=V[FVB2+5&8OKLG8V883=]]Q^GB7??O'[M3G$;QNZ_%6N_(4C]=_/3Q


?YI

&8VA*47


;BRW

4ZJC?HB6:\N_+]8B\^
C3K_N5OO^4


MAS&]S911:O:1HW!)#R&M-9N^

MNAN`/?E0;T)-V3+&'Z+:3*1/;OINVS\F6SJT:@[UN3C_L2FI^WG_G`\[@[O
M[_IMS5N-;7I[=8?DZNR_8?^WF?

MF_*I.R[6)'?3Z'-[J

M#95
N$;3=U_WCCIHB!I'


M*/XW32;J+7I
##195&OM@[S]-#D@7L3\ZT\3/
$*!X.MU1RXUN&@TQ1
^4+&
M/;B:+.8O8.HEK0G0WCRSWEU-:#BS3?MZZTF7;)E#O?FU:2A9Y\!P:E)5=;F#

WI`4@S





GNA]XFR

5'I:#O0L0/O*9(6%:


=D60XCJD.\CTZ0
M?`?D-7$_')FX;0+#E
)Q&_@\

.U7'JZI`H



MA'$!-\6P9Q0_1IO@CN/RC=:6IR%RY#\T\OW9#Q`-FDL[?AR_$H7EJQ]DHJ-4





M[#_B`%.C


MK$'-*23+?6*
]BZA






MAVKA*2-T$OZ`;6R+3AWM+%V0Y\7?FYM1RO?=B0[THU)&Y#1

MT/Q*'9/3L.E7'%@U3G2%V0YTWM+#YC0

M*M

M9Q1FZ%



M!X_H@&7/@*Y5KW7*\E$PEM(
7`UL%S?Y[N3.@2YFK\-9(1+FTH-![]&U8D![


M=&2B




OAA$V-PNY8R0V@6@J3VRY;`27J



ULR%1LU_V@
M9()]IVA50!-!9S



M;8SL$T=M\IV20BD1.#

M?[97


MV9;B_#Q^

M^$\X]0
I1X7S;GNK\==&4K&'JY`G)Y,M

8$O?`#T^<W$QUKX/AJGLT$`I:T73;&DD
MH
U-
MLIZ%71'X`E$;0VA7


G0]:+Z967'UE?_2!#A5$Y(4CE%?[6!N81FI1M
1?
M'N^S*7\CUB

ML%&6\BVV58FPY@&UM8:%C0WJ'3Y[6!FS:]A8HK/8%`(!$

MFV+E6AQ''']:CO
C4=RGU(R'PB1GW!19WZ4W(8QL]X@HI-
423:![FJ^3[

=`2ML.1






MUNK3J'G2@PVJ[
T*TH*X8_^E^T)U

!`2H
-9\*ZG
8ZKI*I?PEK];I2FT-Z-S-(ZLV
M.F0YD62$?9S7%F);H2?)=%K*M.A




WSA$
;\%38

M1+!0A0X#.^`907W959*M+F$6.76/$(VEO0M8\^MA3QA-0IQ&-)IZ^#BK^;B1

5&ZWH7;R'VUABI#-2#L.$9

M;=(XRVL




MC'AWE-?UKF`-H\:UU$:4@

M6
$D


MTJN']DGXA+JS&9JD_5GW9;+PPSD:D@==/\RC`

3]6W26\=Y;




DOT
MD+0\!+


ML#JNJT)%9$Q(9)7MWF19X*TM9`]GOS9$U_&]R?$S'[NW+Q

MXBA[4MF@FBL![-IM0'KA)
BF1+;8@.M=U$V7!MZ]^KSC;&D#='!\6S.:A1][

MUR]E3I!3NPH
?\'


MX`&E9FV0S@9^*NG2GVN&4$'4\3U7[?)QMD28N]LJ'Z`1C5E
!5?C:E.=?Y)6


KQW5!)[3Y^

#JTYK!`-Q9(*_T



4$HB8K0]L3FC*2L]6;4\7Q





.Y^)7^
CJXD9H\)^BNCD?C/BF86WA0(

MZGX7A?

C[WLW+)Q_'5&3[\;JJ;7^V<\YIW-LU
MEO-@&X+6NM/KH6FL121T'[FM)/1;'.(4Y8A+%7KI7*\%VQJTGH:G@-1IM(6\



XC*SKM1PS




ME-.L];0ZC@?


!?U6VFM



T^[O*T7%\HSST
MQ]W1H/T'G



RKQ'_II7K0CG)3
MJ&ZPG/ZRP$%1#26I%KZG4=BX$N^[@IE@7Q@2R&78[-+76A&X^'%#=)%]8#U


+0ZLGA]#


MQ:[:'%








M]M6/


M[+ENZ'2X(7_



MCC'*^VCUFXT-







9'2M:.6%JN-GZ(B6#Q'H4


43RBGYNCZ=9`3

!;QH_-H[3HCK%CCBAQ3235P/26@<N*U.=C
M#=1LL[RN[^%.%!5M3`BQ%1FK



2<U.
(_C1J.8VRQP3]E1&=9_IA4F^


MKOV$/C)?B_HXX700)6E
'I1Q/O
:A6B&T^3Z=8S30.4-!PV2=P5K3%&]-B#I

G<=15*URCN9)W!6L2`I49MAC7H*!E+\`[G-VN
M?0`R5]/N2.\*UBY5A_I
=Q0+


N\MJ;DLDH+F*!H+K+!!#L;?([-R0!;TWEMBSV0'*Q0-.9F
M

MF3L`[U?H&;-RV:8U;I3C_NQKE.)POB9*LE:-]/1&A06]]Y88/&MJCHHH&FNV
M;9O
L#3GCI\L!C[6%!;12MY[APR9-7`SU^O[L



C(DU(^?

M5#+6-HMC%.9M#6FXUKJ0T!C%S)`7\03O@S
60Q$*):
L
PDJ'B)JMVVMQ;P/
MKI@$:Z-7

M;DF4'9`1=]A53TIGZ&%2K+!2=5OJ+28]\$!U\S]#:A1W8Q?]?ND.R==WE(

_#O)MCF+8GDR@+J2MC$`5X@E%R@U(?!\D/1W8W

L[
^(&HI*$D@YR1P/

M@MPM?J$_R2]6_B0/UG#0B




Q)'(X3C.DK7_
MNIUV_#A^)7@)LVL;+.FUK$NI9AV@S9$T9LHAFBS4GMXCP::\0+*Z8$11G/+9
M7LNZ_&O^KE?$![H2NV$?

NW&

+)L?
M+A\+^0G1G.9J&O(Z:2`U0@%9;_Z)7'FQ'^2JVQ*'F#Y%4_R
^':KPWP(.K18
M07(.AGAS5S2T


M[I2$'
+]F?C@T5G&PF!BKG3HXF7




MN9'KD;LZM-L7YHH4D@

M8UFT3IQ9[644I_CO50RX'\XQ^8E[1QI=']HS#'-N20ABSFGH@O3EVL)#%$ZJ

^_'<
E4-AMMO1U`QL3/';+FM_B2C1
M]S994S59O[6&VX'27)R,Q1!:%T2_0KCKQR$.Y\D`Q:,%(?6UG^)GD`(E[*E
M
E
]N9A=AK-&300O\%!EF[TYV8LEK
OA).)D1D@]P!.S\`OX#&9+6
X'%^


05O*X367J<
M-0T&\@4=J
/:&
&3M2X=O=:+_958&Z+GNHUI'1LZ1!.$GZFJ!533;`.`BDF)
M




M):?KV'_9&.L$W./

?`SFX.Y?9;93K6`F9/D1!$57/BW55F.K`U`#
ME=-XZYP'8I=!951#KWZMJ&&?NJ)M]RU'WZCH=:?,C_VPQ2A6\3M`V8XL`3



X-



MD.-.LL_JPN6L$`EHZ[3J6^H&)9

AO;VY7

MC!YQ@)(\OY![9^V

_QS66M(?3B'S@ZNDR]HHGVO=B

283R:B*RH




MEJL.L\\\R8T-V@';4O?.1MK0=$ZC2SM10&TF
05
MM7VIMAG693M
18*!_3Y
M'.6QSWF0F7WI-WW'GU_I)E_I)_H&3]#DIWGT_/

MO/\!YW7-&&7Y*YH-



5:9(%-$I@
M'/N%W9K`GJCM/?D*0



N)A#IRS1^F-O2*$Z`N[C4@GFB??[L.\PM$C7FP'2

L[4?PD=A=P)]CMEQ.!;9D3;NSC

M/TP*P




M:`^\35=W/5LB?NXD%:

7+N\@/P4SBCZGFRX
UX?R@4'Y0






A@Z;


T)1C





X:*SD5\%`#MY/H2LO'NYT6'3:ZPC8P2O.]
M^O:$]21A!V,H/N.'$(`;OT);;*28M(\J9X%]9U(U!E\S82T)U'S'!VB)[\



.+^0W.[+!=H[+]L'\YYHI)*PR=91S2/331.@EU9'6=$=3]







ZY




H_N['4]%VUE@%.KQ=E;GBV4U1$]3
M0N@UM_K=*OJ$I7\M^!E.%T%8R2C!6')M9^@:75`)TI48N!
?@XZIMZPS)FA


.Z&9:NPH$ZM
1__
KM220:#FSH$K&&
8[Z,R63D<(LZ*;WBQ4P^*`\:#':66#5KD!!-/<M0%4
;+K







M$9V3R







T4&
3
M8RBP7[\AC]@(G8HG__JU_/$S)NIR/%F\YDY+R96IMH`M:9*2VU


MG^1.;G/&*




.SW$J/(?SAMYZZXO*@.\-M#RPA@NTS0P0%P!G#(4L_\TDKHP)
MMH:R;`'9#Y$X1H(]&K*T-X?(





M/Q0&ZB&BK[\_G28V^TR/[C#,R0_Y07L#`NA'T0:&&T9NN'4[/CC\EB!.-C

M]IC@*?;CUY$?(
4BX+PYEOL;5.!WG)L;?![\)?EQ3.Z'Q
^K;T@SCN23H5-W


1LRP;JODP6-)BJ/8^1

6'&V
H
MD+]#1F(&0]C`NZT3FFWM9(LGI'9O)\B$5*.V\=K=G6SQ?3!9([1O[V!AVR&9
M=RWJ1.$SBE-




MS



(*.J/.U'E0-2P/
Y8[\(2
MJX\*9YG00Z?M&2R*1&^O[;S$`N

4?3N_PBCV\.
:**TW-
,:@JXE/QVV\:VOJV2
M;90%?.;,\X=LJ()<CYZK;=;%64I#^[Q2%Y5!*A;8?3TGA(GYEY%1/1?E9;
MP;MTR(:F@5,I!Y;5NEI':!0W3]FV@6=DX0SWKAPPELD0*%G4V&A6J_,5SV2V
M4V9OX&-N%4G66._*&9,6!_J2+XUM5$`!):N3BL[N^:!R9SF73EDII(A4O(7







.


M=Y/]F&Y3.]X\)T=R_;H9LWK_Y#38$*<*NN=A_@<4-]SKD!P'H2'P=PR;6KE




M#RXF8M+8UFBV@L

^91L





M]MMRN('R3`/#H:39'!3@U3U

DQY5J;
M



'K/QUQ8YBE6KE?SJ[/


`OY
MH[6H\L;S2IU4E1US0!^))O#YJ:8+*\J(4-)@QP.3ZUXWA$ME36&V-HF@,9
MK1:1RE@;(





MS33

M23M+%U&






I)&%4;Q7@
MB@=LMC`T;FVL+./M&



GG
BWT;1=(64`DM5YP
;3)39J8$/6(5
.RR9EE?7

MF1`)4_K
%
UPB(&

Z/NI_ONPWC8'?2'X][#IQN81
01FE.6#-%3%-.43P5;
M#&_*V0:CNA'X!'P;MI


!








M5HCXG8A7



4TR.:#=O7NT9=E:F&!;QH6&R1S0


M)P$'K=1GL!`EQXV37_T84Y$M
[AH#@#14*Y?.X&?)'B&)SG!^K
B.T!R6==9
M#KH0A.(%7A

M
HME8-3#UG$%H:'%T1(#EK[!\:/KMN(]96ACHVN)CG'!-.@`'C:;%-]E.WBX
M;HB



M8UF0CD@0?C9WI6+`9MV`22H@KFQW$L7)&B\0#'R9ZG03:R]%KQ^-CRLX4X




MXSD[#
`L``00E#@``!#D!``#L75MSXS:R

3AQB_N1H43'SJFF3UG?9`'&.N7;[]3KN\





'O-2`VY_XK\3TG+KH<1V(:D!%








M.T([=X]Z;]#1=6FN[IIZ3^H
Q\&O6ZOU13N

&4#[
M'9L..H$X[UB\$9&IV4OGL#:;*P25H`V[A(`[NV





]S?$
T
MT^

9^(S!BAX8
MA&B52CW%
55BMMY@TAQ\Z

8?X!#J
13P\E]9UQ)]/2Y



M)RZC#


@6

M

M]K')^HBK)9<5X



M:1!/-%#`SJ+``5=?E

#KX1VV5D.%84^3%!8






I&K

MBP1U&+*7E40V/C13P5Q6


[8V5\




0AQO-;A57PROIJ')P+&1BW*685%CVDR8*V=/$I\)&':#CP2(;P2@J8(%


M






M73O@
F/GYB

[$AF4Q8V0Y3H)+6*0;

MFY3M/!\C'O%CM]F8$

_W@

5.8U+N@

MUY'XMBZ
:P\Z_.1[HMV)/;A`G##;,L24G/@K+%N!A!_$3!+S+;[)F9E)LQ

M.`6(U\GC`H'F
V%6




MIREX\KI'


-TK


*_[
M
)\`)L

M\


)6&0.&TS4]#=6
M)UF&:R_NDB&0[3A!10NQK00AX-2WQ`S/1N*@6DJ&B&[

+XWF*FZ
7(
M2RNCV/.`8%[NG'6#3P@+7]GUFI859IH6$'V/6DJ+QC_F(ILT5@T)H3NTT]
MZBQ@
;X$L\
M


MA/?DW*Z(%P

MP)P_
T
DZF$([%U#B5!H@R!3XBQZG-O/LM:N;9NA;G&QB[.42$Z=&7

MG'[9Z_0D^=#-%W7

H$+DT-3(DGT

MTQ%TS6!+8H5;Z\G

M


MC:BC6$RGEI:H]YM#R.`^\=2AW!IX5]UFWY6S1%)'V6LMVX[N3LF1M!!UB:3[

RSRE*V&?Q3Z9V%@RQ9TP/D3G20\0+RZC`YCN

M9WXW6I.0E58M+%'?$Y?1B:G



8#*V45(4Y2B1E\A)9

MXX-^7$FG\@K[#Q0617#`N=DT%XPS(8
X#`LOX8R?+AV_[B^W(OT9B








+5FV
[[&8IIIWA@1DI!0@
/#





Z;O65




SLIB[.UGZEYMSE9


!L122]WOM\]PN$-XNJ,S?:Y#9AQK.]G3V+
M]4HK#_IFIO-6&\8'E26F(\.YHQ71:K'D<QES?018,;C,N3X1!AJQ0%+E)^$


R&*JE0'WM26].N'M%J




-ZAXM-JX:T
-#L:=8VK&\+XJ:@LS#9#V3?[MW)AF?
M&IOL^AGUY4%F-Q


MN`S0(4G#SB=?^F.PO3OB[5!(L[7N[^V#^MZLG\Y5O+=.IXIBZ`:+=`BZVS?K

'2VROF2];`GV$28[OU@F].RWI.%DK:=

9*Q';P8K
%T0RJ96L_B)LMB*06

MLQ=T
D[HB/R-QN
U!7DG0\**%YG_&
6P]!3F/0S-E#XC&)

_




M'B1&A
W4C=Y#G;A2UONYCG_P;%2*#6]%

MYP(F[WHSI3\/(N6C'O?8CWJHK\D
^69!6+[?)_4$L!`AX#%`````@`4&5[

C`Q
C$R
S$N


C`Q
C$R
S%?8V%L


4`````!097M

C`Q
C$R
S%?


%:0
`````
`
end











    
  
      

          











        

003
871

531


        

443
        


        

883

889


        
        

899


        
        

376


        

987

842


        

453
184

537




        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not otherwise specified in the taxonomy
 in advance of the timing of recognition of expenses which are expected to be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer. Also includes direct-response advertising reported as assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or as previously overpaid to tax authorities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V
M.6$T
S@U



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U,E\X,68V7S1B-V1?.60V,5]D
M-#,V.6$T,S@U,S$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
M
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?24Y#/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?15%5/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3D%455)%7T]&7T)54TE.15-37T%.1%]05-)4U]/

T0B5V]R

\+W@Z





3(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K





M4D]015)465]03$%.5%]!3D1?15%525!-14Y4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z




M:&5E='


M;64^3U1(15)?05-31513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



#I.



O4VAE970R

M3D-/345?4$527U-(05)%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4D5
051%
M1%]005)465]44D%.4T%#5$E/3E





O4VAE970R


T0B5V]R:W-H



O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




M

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R
M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^04-#3U5.5%-?4D5#14E604)
15]486)L
M97



M($A2968]

#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
S@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K



M968]



M='


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7









O4VAE970U


O4VAE970U


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M;64^4U5-34%265]/1E]324=.249)0T%.5%]!0T-/54Y4






M/'@Z3F%M93Y$25-#3TY424Y5141?3U!%4D%424].4U]$971A:6P\+W@Z3F%M

M24Y!5$E/3E]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^04-#3U5.5%-?4D5#14E604),15]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA

M=&%I;'



M4D5004E$7T584$5.4T537T1E=&%I;'



1%]&3U)?4T%
15]$971A:6QS





M

15]!4U-%5%-?1&5T

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX
M.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E=',O4VAE970V.YH


T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970W
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7





T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O





O4VAE970X

M2$]







M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K




M2$%214)!4T5$7T-/35!%3E-!5$E/3E]$971A:6P\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


M968]
&-E
M;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA
M;64^4TA!4D505-%1%]#3TU014Y3051)3TY?1&5T86EL




#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T.3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




O4VAE970Y
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\





T0B5V]R:W-H
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U54T51545.








3=E
M
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
M
S8Y830S.#4S





^+RH@1&\@


$58




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

3X\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]



]
'0^
#`P


]



]


]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($9I;&5R($-A=&5G;W)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]
T1T97AT


T1T











Q+`T*0DR,#$R/'-P86X^/]S






]


]

]
T1T97AT/C(P


]



]






3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA
M-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R
M7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S

M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
M


M9VX]


SQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M4F5S=')I8W1E9!C87-H/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

34L




]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#DY



3


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/C
P+#
R




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#4S+#$X

]




S0P+#0U-CQS



3(U+#$U


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#0T





]





]



U/'-P86X^



RPS.#DL






M


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='








M97

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C
P-2PW






RPX-#






L


]

:6%B:6QI=&EE

]
T1N=6UP/C
S

2PP






]


M97






]
T1N=6UP/C$P

M86QI9VX]

]

2PT








]
T1N
M=6UP/C0S+#0Y


#



]



]
T1R974^#0H@


\

M.2PQ


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`R
M+#@V

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?
M.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M140@0D%
04Y#12!32$5%5%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#








T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($$@8V]N=F5R

3`L
#`P+#`P


M



]





M-2PP
#`L


#`P+#`P



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@;W5T




3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F
M-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3










]




]

M/B@R
#DL

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R




RPP.38L


M/3-$;G5M/B@Q-BPQ-3
L




]
T1N=6T^*#@L
C(R+#$X


]
T1N=6T^*#(U

BPQ






T1T





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X


]

]
T1N

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#`L






T1T

M;F-O;64@=&%X97

S




]





]
T1R93X-





M-BPT


38L-C(S+#0S



]





M;7`^
2PQ
#$L

]
T1P


2PQ





]















M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
S`L-C4S*3QS

M/D-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!$97EU($%G


34L




]




M
T1T;W`^1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G

]




M
T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

M












@9G)O;2!D:7-C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B









]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XT



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M










M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
M







]
T1T:#Y!9&1I=&EO;F%L


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L

C
P/'-P86X^






2P@
C`Q

]


]


]



]

]



M



BPY.#DL

RPX





]



]


]





]

I/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-S4L



]


C$R+#




]
T1N=6UP/C(Q
BPT






]


]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP


]




]


#QS

]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^




]
M




]





]



]
T1N=6T^*#(L



]




]



2PQ
SDL.3(X*3QS

]




3
X/'-P


]



M;B!S:&%R97
I(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]

]




]


2PU


2PU
M



M;G5M/B@Q




]




3


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]







T1T;W`^0V]V97)T










]
M








]
T1N=6UP/C@P/'-P

3$T
M+#
R

]
M


]

M;7`^


]


]


]


]


]








]
M




34L.38R+#`W


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC
M92!A=!$96
N(#



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#8L-#4X+#
Y



]

N(#



E\X
68V7S1B-V1?
M.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

T0G=&5X








]



]



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

S
U+#0T

]
M














M(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^

]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@









]

M
3$T+#0P


T1T;W`^1W)A:6X@;VX@8F%R9V%I;B!P=7)C:&%S93PO=&0^




3@T+#



]








T1T;W`^4F5L
M871E9UP87)T:65S('1R861E(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#@L

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#@W
M
RPW







]
T1N=6T^*#4S.2PS



]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]







]
T1N=6UP/C








]

M(&%C=&EV:71I97

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PV



]


]




]
T1N




]




]
T1N=6T^*#


C`L




]



]

]


M9B!S;V9T=V%R92!A;F0@;W1H97(@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+#DP





]

@;V8@
M9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M;3XH-BPU-#(L.3




M97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
BPV-3@L-3`Y


]

@9G)O


2PU.#4L



T1T;W`^0V%S




]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-#
L

]

]
T1N=6UP/C






3(U+#4V
#QS

]




T1T;W`^3F5T(&-A



]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#4T
BPW-S




M-2PY


]





]

]


]
M

M259!3$5.5%


BPV


M4T@@15%5259!3$5.5%
@1E)/32!$25-#3TY424Y5140@3U!%4D%424].4SPO

]
T1N=6T^*#0P
RPR
#@I/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6T^*#


]
T1R

14Y44RP@0D5'24Y.24Y'($)!3$%.0T4\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-C8U+#@U

]




]



T1T;W`^26YC;VUE


]

]
M

]











]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]

]
M


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
M
S@U







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]





M
'!T(#`N-6EN.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

M($%.1!05-)4R!/1B!&24Y!3D-)04P@4U1!5$5-14Y4(%!215!!4D%424].


M

38P.SPO
#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T




#`X+B!792!C;VUP;&5T960@

:6UI=&5D


M('1H92!096]P;&4F(S@R

@9W)A







M=6)S:61I87)I97



M.#(R



M9X@*8C.#(R

C$[*2P@4VAA;GAI
M(%1A:7II:'4@1F]O9!#;RXL($QT9X@*8C.#(R,#M486EZ:6AU)B,X,C(Q
M.RDL(%-H86YX:2!(=6EC:'5N($)E86X@4')O9'5C=',@0V\N+!

#M486EZ:6AU($=R;W5P)B
X

M






'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M97

C`Q
M



S8L.3


X


M97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B!#;VYC=7)R96YT('=I=&@@=&AE(%-H87)E

C`[37(N($AA;R8C
M.#(R



@;W5R($-H:65F($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R





@8F5E



@06-T(&]F(#(P
M
#0N($EN($YO=F5M8F5R(#(P




C$[*2P@4VAE
M;GIH96X@2FE2=4AA:2!496-H;F]L;V=Y($-O+BP@3'1D+B@B4VAE;GIH96X@
FAO;F<@675L:6%N9RX\+W`^#0H\<!S='EL

@;F5W(')O

M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97




X






FAE;F<@675L:6%N9RP@






M92!H87



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&]F


M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@87

M87

M97-E;G1E9!I;B!O=7(@86-C;VUP86YY:6YG(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA


M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E


M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

38L(#(P
3`L($1E

@;V8@8V]N=')A8W1U86P@

X
C(P.TIU
M;F1A)B
X

;VYG






M(S@R





M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL(&]W;FEN9R`Q
4@;V8@2G5N9&$L(AD*2!
:2!296XL



M;65N='


M)SXF(S$V







T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I;CLG

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I;CLG/B8C
3@S.SPO




#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P/@T*/'1R('-T









M+6EN9&5N=#H@+3`N




Q.#
[/]T9#X-CQT





@;V8@2G5N9&$@86YD($QO;F=Y


C5I

'!X(#!P=`P+C5I;CL@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE



Q.#
[/]T9#X-CQT9#Y3:&%R92!0;&5D9V4@





#L\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@


'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@
M

M='1O;3H@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X-

@;V8@2G5N


M

38P.SPO

M
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







@:6X@2G5N9&$@86YD($QO;F=Y=64@9G)O


M


M;CH@



PU,#4@*%)-0B`R
M-PY-S$L

S4N-CDE(&]F($1E



#$P+B!!8V-O

M9W)E96UE;G1S+!30D-60R!S:&%L;!H879E(&EN=F5S=&5D(&%N(&5Q=6EV
M86QE;G0@;V8@4DU(#(U+#`P,PP
#`@;V8@55


S4L
#`P+#`P
!T;R!$97EU9F%R
M;2!T:')O=6=H(&$@8V%P:71A;!I;F-R96%S92!A;F0@;V)T86EN960@=&AE







M(&-O;7!L971E9!I=',@:6YV97-T;65N=!I;B!$97EU9F%R;2P@=&AE('!A




'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


C4L(#(P

M86P@8V%P:71A;!I;FIE8W1I;VX@;V8@)#0L-#DU(A234(@
C@L-S@R*2!F

#L\




M960@9G)O;2`D-BPV.#@L-C
U(A234(@-#4L,#`P+#`P,D@=&\@)#$P+#0Y
M
RPU
38@*%)-0B`W



C`Q
2P@1&5T:6%N(%EU(&5N=&5R960@






















S0R+#$V.`H4DU(#$T

RPR

M;P@9F]R(#4P)2!O9B!486EZ:6AU+`D
2PU



M+!486EZ:6AU(&]W;F5D(#@U)2!O9B!T:&4@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N






'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L




M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




T1N;W=R87`^
M)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


T1N;W=R87`^)B

M9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B




M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^1&%T928C




M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B








Q-C`[;V8F(S$V
#M3=6)S
M:61I87)Y/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

38P.T%C=&EV:71I97



M

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


L-3@Q/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G=VED




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

3`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T


38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V


M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L

2P@
C`P.3PO=&0^#0H\






#PO




6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C
M:SLG/E1H92!04D,L($%U9W5S=`R





M)SXE/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY(;VQD:6YG(&-O;7!A;GD@;V8@4VAE;GIH96X@2FE2




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
M




#L\+W1D/@T*

L($%U9W5S=`R
M,P@


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO


30L-C

#L\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\






38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/]T




#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

L($YO=F5M8F5R(#
P









#`T

#L\+W1D



BPV


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



M




M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C


M.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C


M)SXF(S$V

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

T0G8F%C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B
M;&%C:SLG/DII;GIH;VYG(%EO;F=C:&5N9R!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!4<F%D:6YG
M($-O+BP@3'1D+B`H(DII;GIH;VYG(%EO;F=C:&5N9R(I/]T9#X-CQT9!S

C`P-CPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


#L\+W1D/@T*





M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-




T0G

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO

C`P.#PO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T




M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9#XF(S$V

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M:SLG/B8C


M5&AE(%!20RP@2G5N92`R
2P@
C`Q

T0G8V]L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

2PU-#0L-#DW

M8FQA8VL[)SXF(S$V

M:SLG/B8C



T0G8F%C

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


M)SY4:&4@4%)#+!*=6QY(#(U+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C




RPX
M

M.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



#PO=&0^#0H\












M




[

M96%N(%!R;V1U8W1S($-O+BP@3'1D+B`H)B
X
C(P.TAU:6-H=6XF(S@R
C$[


Q-C`[



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D







'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!C;VQO<CH@8FQA8VL[)SXY.3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R<^)3PO=&0^#0H\=&0@














M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@




M;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M;&4]


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R<^5&AE(%!20RP@2G5N92`R+`R
M

#L\



Y

T0G=&5X





[('9E


#L\+W1D/@T*

M/B8C



M8VL[)SXF(S$V

M/B8C




M=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M









38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


'!T

#L\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M9'5C='


M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9#XF(S$V

M9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C





#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D



M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

M;&4]


#L\+W1D


M

Q-C`[

#L\+W1D



M;CH@





#L\

BD@3VX@3V-T;V)E


:6UI=&5D(@\9F]N=!S='EL

M:68[)SXF(S@R


X
M




@:6YT97)E

M(S$V

RD@1&5T

75F
M87)M+`H8V]L;&5C=&EV96QY+!T:&4@)B,X,C(P.U9)12!'<F]U<8C.#(R
M


C`Q

E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D
M-#
V.6$T
S@U


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T


T1T;W`^0F%S:7
@;V8@4')E



3!P

38P.SPO

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E


M97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







M;CH@


Q('1O($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M)SXF(S$V



@86YD



@;W1H97(@87-S=6UP
M=&EO;G
@86YD(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N('1H870@87)E(&%V86EL86)L92!A;F0@


M;G0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


#L\+W`^#0H\



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE
M(&9I;F%N8VEN9W

2P@
C`Q


M86=E;G0@86YD('5S+B!4:&4@9G5N9'
@:6X@=&AE(&5S8W)O=R!A8V-O=6YT






T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!B86QA;F-E

3(R(&]F

@=&AE('!L961G92!F;W(@)#(L
30R
M+#@R
B`H4DU(#$S+#,U,PP
#`I(&%N9`D,C8T+#@T,R`H4DU(#$L-C4P
M+#`P


M
C`Q

2P@
C`Q

BPQ-#(L.#(R(A234(@,3,L,S4P+#`P,D@
M=V%S('!A:60@;V9F(&]N($YO=F5M8F5R(#(Y+`R,#$R.R`H8BD@)#0X,2PU
M,S,@;V8@8V%S:!W87


C`Q
CL@*&
I(0Q-BPP-3$@;V8@8V%S:!W87



#`I(&]B=&%I;F5D(&9R;VT@06=R:6-U



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






@

M8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@;V8@86-C;W5N='



M;V8@86-C;W5N='

@:&ES=&]R:6-A


@=&\@


2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(&)A;&%N8V4@;V8@86-C;W5N='
@

M;6%T97)I86PN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q+!T:&5R92!W97)E



M:68[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V








@9&5T

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
M





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M86QE(&EN('1H92!P97)I;V0@:6X@=VAI8V@@86QL(&]F('1H92!F;VQL;W=I



@




3`M-#4M
3$N

M870@:7





@;F]T(&%V86EL86)L





M97









M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97









M=#H@


M87-S971S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

#`E

'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B


M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('=I9'1H.B`Q

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\







M97
\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C






@;F5W


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q





@8V]M



@;F5W(')O;6%N


V


@=&\@8F4@:&5L9!A;F0@=7-E9!I;B!A

V

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G



N($QO





T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97







'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


M9FEN97



M92!T:&4@=7-E(&]F('5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE






M92!I;G!U='

@





@:6YD97!E;F1E;G0@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%5N;V)S
M97)V86)L92!I;G!U='

M;7!A;GDF(S@R



@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(')E;&EA8FEL
M:71Y(&]F('1H92!I;G!U='
@87


T0G

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

'!T

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


@:6X@86-T:79E(&UA


M=#H@

38P

M.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E




M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

@9F]R('-I;6EL87(@87-S

@





#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P/@T*


M:#H@


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&ES

M('1E8VAN:7%U97

@


@;F5W(')O

M:71I;VX@*$934D@3F\N(#$U-RTR+!%9F9E8W1I=F4@1&%T92!O9B!&05-
M(%-T871E;65N=!.;RX@

M97(@
34L(#(P



#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T






C`[06-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@0V5R=&%I;B!&
M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='


X
C(Q.RD@86YD($%30R`X
M

#`M

M('1O+!A;F0@4&]T96YT:6%L;'D@4V5T=&QE9!I;BP@82!#;VUP86YY)B
X
M
C$W.W
@3W=N(%-T;V-K)B
X




'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q


M=#H@



M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M;&EC:65S(&%R92!I;B!C;VUP;&EA;F-E('=I=&@@=&AE(%-%0R!3=&%F9B!!
M8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN($YO+B`Q





M;W5N='

M;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ97

@87)E(&=E;F5R


@86YD('1H92!C;VUP;&5T


M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@87-S97-S97





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M(S@R





@9G)O;2!C
M;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M0B!!4T

M


M(S$V



M:68[)SXF(S$V



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97


#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T











#L\+W`^#0H\


M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
L(&]R(%-&05
L($YO+B`Q
C

M-2X@4T9!4R!.;RX@
3(S*%(I(&ES(&YO=R!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!T:&4@1D%3
M0B8C.#(Q-SMS($%30R!4;W!I8R`W,3@L(8C.#(R
#M#;VUP96YS871I;VX@
M)B
X
C$Q.R!3=&]C:R!#;VUP96YS871I;VXN)B
X

M($YO+B`Q
C



@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&=R86YT+61A=&4@

M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



M;RX@


@=&AE('-T869F)B
X
C$W.W
@=FEE=W
@





C


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


@;V8@
M1D%30B!!4T



N(%-U8V@@8V]M



M=#H@

38P





#M);F-O;64@5&%X97
N)B
X
M
C(Q.R!!4T


2!D:69F97)E;F-E






T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97




C`[;6]R92!L
M:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0F(S@R



!P;W-I
M=&EO;G,@;F]T(&UE971I;F<@=&AE(8C.#(R

M(&YO=8C.#(R,3L@=&5S=P@;F\@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@:7

M(%1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!H860@;F\@969F96-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
M
C$W.W













L(&%L;VYG('=I
M=&@@;F5T(&EN8V]M92P@87)E(&-O;7!O;F5N='





M



'!T


M9CLG/DEN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!&05-($%30R!4;W!I8R`R


M=W

@87)E(&-A

@
M82!R97-U;'0L(&%M;W5N='


M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97










#8L('1H92!&





N($=!05`@86YD($E&4E
N(%1H92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T




#$Q+!&05-


M8VMH;VQD97)S)B
X







M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87





3$M
#@I('1O($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S)B
X
C$Q.T=O;V1W





@=&AA;B!I='











M;65N='
@87





C`Q
2TQ
M




@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@

M9W5I9&%N8V4@:6X@4W5B=&]P:6
@
S8P+3(P('1O(&1E=&5R;6EN92!W:&5T



@=&\@:&%V92!A(&-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&9I;F%N

3`M
3`L('1H92!R97!O


@;V8@=&AE('-U8G-I


M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@=6YT:6P@;&5G86P@=&ET;&4@=&\@=&AE


M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97


3$M
3$I('1O($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@*$%3
M0R!4;W!I8R`R


M8W0@=&\@86X@86=R965M96YT('-I;6EL87(@=&\@82!M87-T97(@;F5T=&EN


@86YD(')E







3(M
#(I('1O($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S)B
X
C$Q.T=O





@;F]T(&UO















'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B

M



X
C(Q.R!4:&ES($%352!D

M8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&)Y(&-O;7!O









M

M(%4N4RX@1T%!4!T:&%T('!R;W9I9&4@861D:71I;VYA;!D971A:6P@86)O



34L(#(P
3(N

@96YT:71I97


@8F5G
'!E8W1E9!T;R!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I86P@:6UP86-T(&]N
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W.W,@8V]N<V]L:61A=&5D(&9I;F%N8VEA;!P


C4R7S@Q
M9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S







]


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\

M1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D($]P97)A=&EO;G



]

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M
#$Q+!$971I86X@674@=&5R;6EN871E9!I='


M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$N(%-E;&5C=&5D




M
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;'-P86X]





38P.SPO


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V

2P\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO




M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C









'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX\




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^*#$R+#(U-BPX,S(\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^*3PO=&0^/]T



T0G=&5X


T0G





#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M;&4]


M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



#L\+W1D/CQT


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
W+#
W
3PO=&0^






M='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


M/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P
6QE/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L
M86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B0\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG
M/BD\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM

C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y
M830S.#4S


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


@0V]M8FEN871I;VYS


M9VX]






Q-C`[


M=#H@


[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




S0L-S`U+#`P

X
C$W.W


RP@
C`Q


M:71I97




T0R/B8C

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




7!T.R!W


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@




T0R/B8C
38P

T0G



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]







@;F5W(')O



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0R
M/B8C



T0G

M






M;&4]





[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE

T0R/C@T
PX-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



M93TS1#(^)B



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M;&4]

T0R
M/B8C





T0R/B8C


3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

T0R/C$Q-RPQ-3

M;&4]





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI

T0R/B@V+#0Y.2PV
M.#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T





@;F5W



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
S$Y+#`W-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D






3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

T0R

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T

[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N



M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O



T0G=&5X















[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R/B8C


M
T0R/B@T.3DL




[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97




Q+`R,#$R(&%N
M9`R



2P@
C`Q



2P@
C`Q





2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
M
BP@;F]R(&ES(&ET(&EN9&EC871I=F4@;V8@9G5T=7)E(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R


@;F5W(')O;6%N



M


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I





M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M



T0R
M/B8C


T0G








6QE/3-$)V)A


@;F5W(')O;6%N

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR-S0L-C@Y
M+#$P


T0G

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


M

M

T0G

M
T0R/B8C





\


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


M



T0R/B8C
M




BXQ
CPO9F]N



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





M3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




T0G8V]L

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M
M86XL=&EM97,[)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S


T0R/C$N.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


M1#(^)B


C4R7S@Q
M9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S







]


]





]






G/CQB/DY/5$4@-2X@04-#3U5.5%
@4D5#14E6
M04)

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



M97

B!S


@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO


@

2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



G/B8C






M


G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



G/B8C


M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A


G/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO









M

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



Q-C`[


G/B8C
38P

M.R!W:61T:#H@

G/C
V
M+#$V-RPQ
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M






G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0R

M)B


M;'DZ=&EM97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



@







B!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@




S
L.3D\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0G9F]N










M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U,E\X,68V7S1B-V1?.60V,5]D
M-#,V.6$T,S@U,S$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
M
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3

O
M4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]


M9VX]



]



M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SX\8CY.3U1%(#8N/]B/B`\8CY)3E9%3E1/4ED\


M9F]N=#H@













#`E.R!B;W)D97(M

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I





T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M

B!N;W=R
M87`]






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR

M;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

B!S


















P+#@S
3PO9F]N





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@


G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQF;VYT('-I



T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N





M






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^,2PY-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M

T0G8V]L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97
G/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ,BPQ,#DL,S4S/]F;VYT/CPO




M:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M=&EM97

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I





M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


B!S='EL








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`L
S$T+#`Y
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






M87)T7S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
0T*0V]N





]

M


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]




M17AP96YS97




M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C




G/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
@8V]N








@;F5W

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


@;F5W




G/B8C






M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C


M=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]



G/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQF




T0G9F]N=#H@

3PO9F]N=#X\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D






M;&4]

M=&EM97
G/CDR+#4S




Q-C`[



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



B!S



T0G



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

T0G


T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


M:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M



M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY0

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



3(Y+#DX-SPO9F]N=#X\



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M=&EM97
G/B8C









M+6)O='1O;3H@



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B




T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ+#0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
'0M





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P

B!S



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
M
S@U



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1R93X-


]
T1T



M


M97)I9CLG/B8C



3`N
M

&-H86YG960@



@97AC:&%N9V4@=')A;G-A8W1I;VXN


M
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q
M7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S

34N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M


]






T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97




T0R/B8C

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P



M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0R/D1E8V5M8F5R(#



[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]


@;F5W


M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXR

T1N






T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



M







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

T0R/C$V+#4S/&9O;G0@

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G=&5X





@;F5W(')O



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

T0R/C0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M-S


3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
6QE/3-$)V)A


[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R





M;&4]

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G




[)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;!C;W-T/]F;VYT


T0G




T0R
M/B8C


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B
M;VQD.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-PT-3DL,#$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O

@;F5W(')O


[('9E

M


3H@=&EM97




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


M97



T0G=&5X




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




Q-C`[

T0G=&5X







M



'!X


M='1O;3H@

M


M93TS1#(^)B


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXU



M)B



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]



N
M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5X8VAA;F=E9!I=',@5&EM8F5R;&%N9!F;W(@86X@
M;V9F:6-E(&)U:6QD:6YG('9A;'5E9!A=`D

'!T(#!P



M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+`D-2XV(&UI;&QI;VX@*%)-0B`S-2!M:6QL:6]N*2!O
M9B!B=6EL9&EN9W




'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!W87







M4U


]
M







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V

@

@86UO
M=6YT960@=&\@)#$L.#0Y+#

2P@
C`Q
B!M










M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]




]



@;F5W(')O



M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$

2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E



M)B

M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M<CL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N






T0R/B8C


M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


@;F5W(')O

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F


M93TS1#(^)B

M;&4]


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

M;&4]





T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ

T0G

M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T0R/CDL.#`X+#0Y



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT

T0R/C$L
#4Y+#`P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



Q


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I




2PP
S(L


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^






[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


@;F5W(')O;6%N



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO


M+6)O='1O;3H@

M=&EM97

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$



M




M9F]N=#H@


M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R/D%C8V]R9&EN9R!T;R!G

L('1H92!04D
@1V]V

M86YD('5S92!R:6=H='
@;V8@9F%R;6QA;F0@86YD(&EN9'5S=')I86P@;&%N
M9'




@875T


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3`@

M


M=&EM97


M





M871E;'D@
C8L




@=VAE



@





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]

#$R


M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
M



M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]

]
M


T1T


]
T1R


M;65S+!S97)I9CLG/CQB/DY/5$4@,3(N/]B/CQB/D]42$52($%34T544SPO


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N






38P


T0G9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B

3$\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R('-T


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

4[)SXW.PW-S8\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXF(S$V




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M/B8C


M(#%P=#LG/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@



M-RPU
S4\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[


M

M86YY(&5X8VAA;F=E9!I=',@5&EM8F5R;&%N9!F;W(@=&AE(&)U:6QD:6YG

C`Q
B`H



P@,C`Q,BX@07,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3(L('1H92!L
M86YD('5S92!R:6=H=!W:&EC:!A;6]U;G1E9!T;R`D







S$L(#(P
M


]



]



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97








3!P







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

2P\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


T0R/C(P
3(\+V9O



M
T0R/B8C

M9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M='1O;3H@


Q



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;&4]

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0G




'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M($1E8V5M8F5R(#

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M

2!D871E(&]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T


BPT

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





T0R/D)A;FL@


65A<B!L;V%N(&EN=&5R97-T


M
T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M=&EM97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




Q


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B8C
38P




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




M1#(^)B

M8V

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R=&5D(&9R;VT@4V5P




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R
M/B8C








G

T0R/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T









M(')A=&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=V%S(#$U+C`X-4N/]F

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




M1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL



M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V9F8V,[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R
M=&5D(&9R;VT@075G=7-T(#,Q+`R
#$R('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O

CDL(#(P
3

F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0R
M/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
















T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C


M1#(^)B





T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C



#$S+B!4:&4@;&]A;B!W87
@;V)T86EN

M075G=7-T(#


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#
V

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T





T0R/B8C



Q

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M)B







M(&]F($-H:6YA+B!4:&4@86-T=6%L(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@87
@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


T0G=&5X



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




Q

[)SX-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF












T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S









3`L(#(P
3


C`Q



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG


C8T+#@T




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO







M;&4]



T0G



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\






'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@8F%N:R!L


T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


Q-C`[




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T
M:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R=&5D(&9R;VT@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(X+`R
#$R('=I=&@@
M;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O;B!397!T96UB97(@

3
N(%1H92!L;V%N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

M
T0R/B8C


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R/B8C
38P


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@

F4],T0R/D]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#(Q+`R
#$R('1H92!L

C@@*&]R(%)-0C(U

2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(&QO86X@8F%L86YC92!W
M87
@)#$R

#`N
#`I+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*







T0G


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M86XL=&EM97







M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M;&4]

T0G=&5X






#$R('=I=&@@

BP@
C`Q
RX@5&AE(&QO86X@
M=V%S(&]B=&%I;F5D(&)Y($1E=&%I;B!9=2X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M
T0R/B8C


Q






T0R/B8C
38P


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT





G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G



T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S










M87
@;V)T86EN960@8GD@2FER=6AA:2X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

G

T0R/B8C










@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


Q




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


T0G=&5X



T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY



@
C`E(&]F('!R


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


Q




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


T0G=&5X





=&0N



M)B






T0R/B8C
M


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF






G

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M97

T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;&4]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V







@0F%N:R!O

M8F5R(#

T0G










P@,C`Q,BX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#4X.PX-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^)B





M
T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




Q-C`[


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M:71Y(%EU8VD@1&ES=')I8W0@4G5R86P@0W)E9&ET(%5N:6]N($-O+BP@3'1D



@0F%N:R!O

M8F5R(#

T0G












T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M97

T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;&4]



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G

3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

M

M.2P@
C`Q

3(N




C`Q



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




M;&4]
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS






@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\












M1#(^)B




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

T0R
M/B8C


Q-C`[






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


M97

T0R/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M
C`Q
7=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O;B!-87D@.2P@
C`Q
BX@5&AE(&QO

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


G('-I


#$Q+B!4
M:&4@;&]A;B!W87






@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]






M97





'0M86QI9VXZ

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXX+#,R,RPV,C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

T0G

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0G9F]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXF
M(S$V


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
M
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M3D]415
@4$%904)

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SX\8CY.3U1%(#$T+CPO8CX@/&(^3D]415
@4$%904)
13PO8CX\+V9O

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

M97



#`E.R!B;W)D97(M8V]L

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT








B!S

B!N;W=R87`]
M








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR

M87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

B!S='EL

M:7IE/3-$



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M=&EM97
G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/CQF




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V

G/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M

M97
G/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


G/B8C


G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M;CH@



M0V]M;75N:6-A=&EO;B!A=!96EJ:6YG($1O;F=Z:&D\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0G9F]N

T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0R('-T

Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SYB96%R:6YG(&YO(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!N;R!F:6YA;F-E(&-H87)G92Y4
M:&ES(&YO=&4@:7,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M9F9C8SL@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-I










M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=PT*(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I








M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M




M=&EM97
G/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\




M86ED(&]F9B!O;B!-87)C:`W+`R
#$R+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXM



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,7!T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\



G

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

B!S='EL93TS




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


G/C$L-3@X+#@T
M




Q-C`[


C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y
M9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]






'!T(#!P


M/B8C



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





T0G9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z
M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@





T1N;W=R87`^)B


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

M
#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F

#L\+W1D

T0G


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C0\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V


M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G


#L\

#L\

C@X+#4X



M/B8C


M=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@



M;&4]






T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M8F]L9#LG/B8C


M;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B0\+W1D


3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D
M7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
2]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P



]


]



T0R/CQB/DY/5$4@
38N($E.


T0R/CQB/B8C
38P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

M



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M;F0@:7


@:&%V92!B
M965N(&UA9&4@87

M(&EN('1H92!5+E



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M




'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0R/CQB
M/B8C




M
T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O


@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&5D

M2V]N9R!T87AA=&EO;B!O;B!I='





'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




X

@
C4E+B!4:&4@4%)#


2!T:&4@

L('1H92!P



2P@

M(&%R92!S=6)J96-T('1O('1H92!%250@97AE;7!T:6]N+B!!;&P@;W1H97(@


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






#`E

'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




T0R/B8C

M/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

T0V(&YO

M97




M;&4]






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

7!T


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

B!N;W=R87`]

M


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V9F8V,[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

!E


T0R/B8C
38P


@;F5W(')O;6%N




Q


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<SLG('-I

T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0R
M/B8C

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L












T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!W:61T:#H@


@





M;3H@

@



T0G9F]N






M;3H@



M)B


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
M


3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]




M97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M93TS1#(^)B

M8V9F8V

T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

M=&EM97



[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M97



M1#(^)B


T0R/E!20SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA







M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$

#MA
M='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T






M92!T;R!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G






@;F5W




[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT









T0R/C$X-PS.#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0R
M/B8C





M


[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

T0R
M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
M



M.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]

M



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;W(@=&AE(%EE87)S($5N9&5D

M)R!N;W=R87`]


M;&4]

6QE






M
T0R/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M
C`Q

M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N



M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97,[)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



[)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


M

T0G=F5R=&EC

M




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I




Q-C`[


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



T0G



T0G
3H@=&EM97

M1#(^)B



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXM

T0R
M/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+CD\+V9O





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


M=&EM97



[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
X\9F]N=!S



@;F5W(')O



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G9F]N


T0R/DEN


[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE

T0R/BT\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

XY/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

F4]
T0R
M/BTP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



@


M;&4]




T0G
M9F]N=#H@



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T



M92!T;R!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M1#(^)B


T0R/B8C







T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M=&EM97

XY/]F;VYT/CPO






T0R/B8C

M=&EM97


Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q


M
T0R/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$P



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]



[)R!S:7IE/3-$

2P\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO

M97


M



T0R/D1E8V5M8F5R(#



[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M


@;F5W(')O











T0R/B8C





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S






M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T




@*$Y/3D\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S

T0G=VED

T0G9F]N

3@\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


@;F5W(')O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



M

M






[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

F4]
T0R/C
Y
M
2PS
SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L




T0R/B8C
38P




T0R/B8C
M

'0M86QI9VXZ

@;F5W



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@







T0R/B8C



M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0R/B8C


T0G



3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



T0R/C
L.3`Y+#8V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M

[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0R/BD\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T




T0R/B@Q+#@Q
M
RPP-38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

T0G9F]N



M














[)R!S:7IE/3-$




'!T(#!P



M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R/D%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



]


@;F5W


@;F5W




@87


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CX\8CXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


G

T0R/B8C



M1#(^)B




M

CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R/E-H87)E




M87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@

T0R/CQF;VYT('-T



M





M

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!N
M;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N


M=&EM97


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V






M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=&EM97

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M
38L
#`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF




T0R

T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT




M:79I9&5N9'



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-#8L


Q-C`[

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#`Q-2PU
#4\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@












M;&4]

T0G


G

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G



M






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0R

T0G9F]N=#H@



M

M
#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



@87!P;&EC86)L92!T;R!C;VYV97)T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T

T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR+#`Q-2PU
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-








T0R






T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$

@;F5W


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[('1E

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,BPV,30L,3`X/]F








M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R



M8V5M8F5R(#





M





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G


@+2!B87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^)B



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR
M,PQ
C8L




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M)B

@

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#DW-PW,S(\+V9O;G0^/]T

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


M)B


Q

[)SX-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N,C5I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG




M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



G

T0R/C(P+#4U
RPY
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M97

T0R/B8C



Q-C`[

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0R
M/B8C




T0R/C$N-C0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/@T*/'1D/CQF



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]




C5I;CL@=&5X


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/C$W+#
S-2PT-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0R
M/C$N-C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L





M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q



T0R/B8C
M


G('-I

T0R/C0R-RPY

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO



T0R




T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

T0G




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M93TS1#(^)B

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P


G

T0R/C$R+#0Y-RPQ-C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M97

T0R/B8C



Q-C`[

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y
M830S.#4S


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P




]

]
T1T






M97

T0R/B8C







@






V+#DS
B!S:&%R97
@;V8@





@;F5W(')O



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]

T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E



2!:;VYE+!T:&4@8G5S:6YE<W
@86YD(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G


@86YD(&]P97)A=&EO;G




T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$



S8L
M.3




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T



T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N


Q.#

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@;W=N97)S:&EP('!O



M($5X8VAA;F=E(&-H86YG960@9G)O;2`Q
#`E('1O(#DN-24@*&9U;&QY(&1I

[(&%N9#PO9F]N=#X\

T0G;6%R9VEN


M97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
C5I;CLG/CQF


Q.#

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$




T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/'`@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


X
C(P


F(S@R
C$[






C$Q+#$V-B`H

3LI+CPO9F]N=#X\


T0R
M/B8C


M=&EM97






L



M9F]R='







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B!C;VYN96-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE




M('-H87)E(&]F(0T+C@T(AT:&4@)B
X
C(P.U!L86-E;65N=!!9V5N=!7




M='







@;V8@4V5R:65S($$@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@








#$P+!W92!C;&]S960@;VX@=&AE('-E8V]N9!A;F0@9FEN



@02!C;VYV97)T

@9FEV92UY96%R(%-E

M



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



3`L



M('1O=&%L(&]F(#(L-#4U+#@V
R!S:&%R97
@;V8@4V5R:65S($$@8V]N=F5R

V
B!397)I97
@02!7





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


3!P


M1#(^)B

'!T




3(P+#`P



M97



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY(;VQD97)S(&]F





X









Q


M9F]N=#H@






L(&%N(&%M

C`[3&EQ
M=6ED871I;VX@4')E9F5R96YC92!!;6]U;G0F(S@R
C$[*2P@8F5F;W)E(&%N


M)B
X

C$[*2X\+V9O;G0^

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M97)R960@=VEL;!H879E('1H92!R:6=H=P@870@=&AE(&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T















M
T0R/B8C



M86XL=&EM97


M9'




@;V8@97-T86)L:7-H:6YG(&-L87-S

M8G)I9!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N=X@0F%S960@=7!O;B!A(')E=FEE
M=R!O9B!T:&4@=&5R;7
@86YD(&-O;F1I=&EO;G





M97)I97

@82!P97)P971U86P@9FEN86YC:6%L(&EN

@;F]T('=I=&AI



L(&)E(&QI










#$Q(&%N9!*
M=6QY(#(V+`R


2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE('1O=&%L(&YU






M)B

'!T(#!P










T0R/B8C






@






M=6QA('1H870@;&EM:71S('1H92!A9V=R96=A=&4@:7-S=6%B;&4@8V]M;6]N

@96UB



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0G9F]N


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97







'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0G9F]N

M97

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Y-4[



T0R/F5N=&ET;&5S('1H





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

3!P=#L[(&9O


M

M:7)E(&]N('1H92!D871E('1H870@:7





M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K.R!A;F0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@



M93TS1#(^)B

3IT:6UE<R!N











M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]


M


M8V]S='




@;F5W



M/3-$

M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&YO



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D







CX\9F]N

G

T0R/B8C


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C




M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N



M1#(^4V5R:65S($$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E



T0R/B8C
M










T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M)B


T1N;W=R87`^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0R/B8C
M

M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M;'-P86X]






T0R/B8C
38P

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M86X]






M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&86ER('9A;'5E

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXQ,PR-#@L

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N

G

T0R/B8C

'0M86QI

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ+#`S.2PY-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


T0G


M



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/@T*/'1D/CQF



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]






T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXY+#@Q

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,PX


M)B









G

T0R/B@Q+#4X

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI/]F;VYT/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


2PT-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


SPO9F]N


G


T0G

M;&4]


Q

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M









M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

M







M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N






M




6QE

M1#(^)B

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


M1#(^.2PR-3`L

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




L(&%N9!T:&4@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@=&AE(%!L86-E;65N=!!



M=&5N('-U8FIE8W1I=F4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
N(%=E('-E;&5C=&5D('1H92!V



M:61E;F0@9F5A='5R92!W87






@;F5W





M86)L97









M
T0R/B8C


M97

T0R/B8C



M93TS1#(^)B





@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N







T1N;W=R87`^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY(:65R87)C:'D\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D







M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X


T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S



T0R


T1N;W=R87`^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R/C(P
3`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@

G('-I

T0R/B8C

M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\

M+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M)W=I9'1H.B`V



T0R/DEN9&5X960@8V]M;6]N('-H




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


6QE/3-$

M)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


T0R
M/B8C


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



T0R/B8C
M








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C


M1#(^)B





T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D






M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY#;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F(&9A:7(@=F%L=64Z/]F;VYT/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




Q

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M)B






M;G0@=F%L=64\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R/B8C
38P


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M-BPV




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT






M
T0R/B8C



T0R
M/B8C


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/B8C
M



M=&EM97

T0R/C(L
CDR+#4S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V9F8V,[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R/B8C
38P








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G('-I

T0R/B8C


M)B






T0R/B8C
M


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF






G

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T0R/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT


M)B






T0R/B8C
M


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF






G

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M)B




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


Q-C`[

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@






M)B






T0R/C
\


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$




@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M(E=!0T


Q-C`[






T0R/C
\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
M-2XY


M86XL=&EM97


G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9B!T:&4@86)O=F4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

M(&9O;&QO=W

'!T








M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M



T0G9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH



@9F]R(&ED96YT


2!I;G!U='




M)B




T0R/DQE=F5L(#(@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M





'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0G

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97

#`E

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(SDV-SD[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O

T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M96X@=&AA=!M86YA9V5M96YT(&1I9!N;W0@8F5L:65V92!O=7(@=')A9&EN



@8F%S960@=7!O


M(S@R


@=VAI8V@@=V5R92!B;W1H(&EN
M9&5X960@=&\@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:SL@86-C;W)D:6YG;'DL('=E('5S

@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!V86QU








T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S



@;V8@07!R:6P@

3`@










M;W5N='






@;F5W(')O;6%N



@;F5W(')O





T0R/B8C
M

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M
T0R/B8C









M86XL=&EM97



M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M96YT97([)R!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X







T1N














T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G

M:&%R97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\

M97

T0R/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\

M97

T0R/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@

S(\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


C
U+#@X




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,4[

F4],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M93TS1#(^)B




T0R/C4N

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$







'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M





M;&4]




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M;&4]




'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]

T0G=&5X







@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$







M97

T0R/C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


Q-C`[

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]






@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


Q

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T0G



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G

M86XL=&EM97



T0G9F]N

3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

T0R

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G=&5X




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$






M)B




T0R/C(N

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE/]F


M;&4]




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$





M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B8C
38P




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-2XT-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B4\

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0G9F]N



'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M:6YG/3-$

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&5R92!W97)E(&YO($QE=F5L



M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M.B`Q
'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$X





M9G)E92!R871E+2!4:&ES(')A=&4@:7





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$X
#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N






'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R!W:61T:#H@,XR-6EN

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0R/B8C
3@S.SPO

3!P


@






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D




M=&EM97



#$R.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^



T0R/B8C
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([)R!N;W=R87`]

M


CX\9F]N

G


M)R!N;W=R87`]



CX\

M97



M;3H@


Q-C`[


T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




G('-I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C4E





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY.#(L

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\

M97

T0R/B8C



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE

M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B8C
M

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


M)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$U-PR-S,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E


M1#(^)B


T0R





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G=VED


@;V8@2F%N

T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$U




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

T0R
M/B8C


G('-I





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



Q


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

2P@
C`Q
CPO




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#$U


M+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q+U=O

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

]






M:6]N(%)E;&%T960@0V]S='

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N




M





M=&EM97



#(@
M9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q

3



'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q

C`Q



M*'1H92`F(S@R
C`[4&QA;B8C.#(R

2PP
M
#`L





M.#4Q+#`P

#M%;7!L;WEE97
F(S@R
C$[*2!A;F0@.#`L
#`P(&]P=&EO;G
@

C`[3F]N+65M




@86YD(&=R86YT960@=6YD
M97(@=&AE(%!L86X@=&\@82!C;VYS=6QT86YT(&%T(&%N(&5X97)C:7-E('!R

M=&5D(&EN(#(P






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT




3!P=#LG/C
S(#$O

@8F4@
M=F5S=&5D(&]N92`H
2D@;6]N=&@@869T97(@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0[





S
@
2\S)2!O9B!T


M=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G

M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

C`Q






@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDL
M(&]F('=H:6-H(&EN8VQU9&5D('-O;64@;F5W(&]P=&EO;G
@86YD('1H;W-E





M



M*&DI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S

@

@869T97(@=&AE(&1A
M=&4@;V8@=&AE(&=R86YT.R!A;F0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@


38P.SPO



M=&0^)B




T0G

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97



'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M3F]V96UB97(@
C
L(#(P

@86QL

#`@


@;V8@

N($%L;!O9B!T:&4@9W)A;G1E9!O






3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@





M;CH@



M
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@




R`Q
M+S


R`Q+S




M97

@97-T:6UA=&5D(&]N('1H92!D871E







M870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R










'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






38P.SPO:3X\+W`^#0H\=&%B;&4@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P





M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A




B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUB
M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT


C`Q
B8C
38P.RT@
3$O.\R,#(P/]T9#X-CQT9!S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

2XQ

M;&4]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q
B4[)SXQ+C(W/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C


6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L
M;W(Z('=H:71E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R<^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]






Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@




38P.SPO=&0^





#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/C`N
#`M-34N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M
#`M-34N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N
M=#H@

#`M
M-34N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


T0G8F%C:V=R



T0G

#PO=&0^



@;F5W(')O;6%N



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG



M=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


3$@+2`Q
B\Q-2\R


38P.SPO


M;3H@

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

B\Q-2\R
#$R
M)B
Q-C`[+28C
38P.S$R+S$U+S(P




M)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4N-3`\

#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C





T0G8F%C


M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0V+C$U/]T9#X-CQT9!S


T0G=&5X




M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@


[('9E

M

M


38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`N

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q-C`[






Q-C`[4&5R:6]D/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M

#
O
#@O
C`R
#PO



M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\



M.B`Q)3LG/B8C


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@,3`E.R<^,2XP,#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@



@*'EE87)S*3PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C4N
C4\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C





T0G8F%C:V=R

M;VQA=&EL:71Y(@E*3PO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0U+CDQ/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL


65A<B`H)2D\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M


#PO


M8V9F8V



M9G0[)SXF(S$V



M=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`N




#L\+VD^




T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT


3(@+2`Q
2\X+S(P
C`\+W1D


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



B!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
3$O
C
O
C`Q
R`M(#$Q+S@O
C`R
#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@



3$O.\R,#(P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$R)3LG/C`N-C@\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

38P.SPO


M;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-XT.#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

M)B


M97


M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C



M9&5N9!9:65L9`H)2D\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M

M


38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`N

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M86)O=F4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

M=W


#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@,3!P
M=#LG/DQE=F5L(#(@:6YP=71S(&EN8VQU9&4Z/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R


M=#H@

MCQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@




M=6YD:6YG(&]F('!U8FQI8VQY+6%V86EL86)L92!Y:65L9'
@;VX@52Y3+B!4





Q.#




@82!R97-U;'0L('=E(&AA


@86YD('=H;R!H

@


M9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T



3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$







38P.SPO

T0G9F]N=#H@




@;F5W(')O


@;F5W(')O



N(%1H92!A8W1U86P@=F%L
M=64@;V8@=&AE('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


2P@
C`Q
BP@
M86YD(&-H86YG97
@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P




M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B


B!N;W=R87`]

M(S$V



T0G=&5X






T0G9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B




M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]

M


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


T0G

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



#L\+W1D/@T*




M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT






T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]




M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\


M:61T:#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M;&4]

#L\

M)3LG/B8C


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V

M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M=#LG/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q















#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0[
M)SXF(S$V

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M/B8C




#L\+W1D


#`\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M+C5P=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



RXS





T0G=&5X


RPX




T0G



2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


6QE
M/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA

30L
#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\

M


N-C0\

M8F]T=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S$V

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M;&4]

M(S$V





M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$L
3(T+#`P

T0G


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

C8@

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

38P.SPO=&0^



@


@;F5W(')O


'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B

@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

2P@
C`Q
B!I

#`E

'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86X]

MCQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

B!N
M;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-

M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


T1N;W=R87`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^1&%T92!&
M86ER/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M(S$V

M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]




Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M:#H@



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-3<P+#`P
M,#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(U-BPX

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*










#`P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B






#$R
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S$V


#`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M=#LG/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T

3
Q+#DW-#PO=&0^#0H\


3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D
M7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
2]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q:6X[)SX\8CY.3U1%(#(P+CPO8CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R<^/&(^4D5,051%
M1!005)462!44D%.4T%#5$E/3E




T1N;W=R87`^1F]R('1H

M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B


T1N;W=R87`^1&5C96UB97(@

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX\=&0^)B

S
S
S
S
[(&9O;G0M


#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S
S
S
S
SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S

S
S
S
S
[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B

C`Q


S
S
S
S.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@-S0E.R!C;VQO

S
S
S


M9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(,S,S,S,S,[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

S
M
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O
M;&]R.B`C
S
S
S



S
S
S
SLG/B0\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@
M8V]L;W(Z(,S,S,S,S,[)SXS+#(U,PY-#8\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B`C
S
S
S

M)B


S
S
S
SLG/E-A;&5S('1O


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
M
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


T0G8V]L;W(Z(,S,S,S,S,[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE




M)B

M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


2PQ
30L



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT



S
S
S
S
[)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO

S
S
S
SLG/B8C


S
S
S
SLG/C8V


S
S
S

Q-C`[







'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




@:6X@=&AE





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


T0P

M

Q

M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


2P\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F

#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

M(#



T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q

T1N;W=R87`^)B


CXR

#L\

M)SX\=&0^)B

M1#(^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B

CXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V






Q-2PS-CD\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[

M.B`Q

S
S
S
S
[)SXF
M(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C,S,S,S,S.R<^1'5E(&9R;VT@
M0F5I:FEN9R!$;W5K;W5N:6%N:'5A($)I;W1E8VAN;VQO9WD@0V\N+!
=&0N



6QE
M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C,S,S,S,S.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(,S,S,S
M,S,[)SXR-PV-C8\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

S
S
S
SLG/B8C

M(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO

S
S
S

M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

T0G=&5X

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&-O;&]R.B`C,S,S,S,S.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT<B!S='EL93TS
M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M.B`C
S
S
S

@5&5C


S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

S
S
S
SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

S
S
S
SLG/BT\

S
M
S
S
SLG/B8C

S
S
S
S


M8V]L;W(Z(,S,S,S,S,[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S


M;&]R.B`C
S
S
S


M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


S
S
S
SLG/BT\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

S
S
S
SLG/B8C


S
S
S

Q-C`[



S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO



S
M
S
S
SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
S
S
S
S.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R



S
S
S

S
S
M
S
S.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C4X-RPQ
#@\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(&-O;&]R.B`C
S
S
S
S.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO







M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97













T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$P







M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


#L\


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C





M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N
M;W=R87`^)B


CXR

T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C;VQS

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\

M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V



M






BPX.3DL
M-C




M5&EA;CPO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(L-C8P+#8R

M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V




M;G0@0V\N+!,=&0N/]T9#X\=&0^)B



C8U+#(Y


#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT









T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


M(#(N-7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T


M
34\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@



3!P




@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@
M86YD(#(P

M;F\@9'5E(&1A=&4@:7





M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E






3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED
M-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


]



]





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY.3U1%(#(Q+CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


@86-C;W)D:6YG('1O($%30R!4;W!I8R`R.#`N


M97



2P@
C`Q
M
B!W87

@86YD('1H870@
M9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#




M)B

'!T(#!P




@:6X@=&AE(&)U

L('-I;7!L


@8V]N9'5C

@86YD



C`[
M4VAI+51I928C.#(R

M=&EM97








T1N;W=R87`^/&9O









T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R



M1W)A:6X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO








M;'-P86X]





Q




M1#(^)B



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;3H@


Q-C`[



T0R/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^1&EV:7-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M







M1#(^1&EV:7-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

7!T







M1&EV:7-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C

M/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@










T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0R
M/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT





@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


G

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


L.#$\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

2PP

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,4[


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@=&5X=UA




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

G('-I

T0R/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M


M97

T0R/B8C


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L





T0G9F]N
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@




G('-I

T0R/B8C




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




Q


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

'0M



T0R/DEN=&5R97-T(')E=F5N=64\


G

T0R/B8C


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0R/B8C
M



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF



M;&4]



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
M




M
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA



T0R/C










G





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

T0G






T0R/BD\+V9O

G('-I

T0R/B8C


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T









T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S


T0R
M/B@Q+#0W-RPS




T0R/BD\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ
F4],T0R/DYE=!I

M;&4]



M=&EM97


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


G

T0R/B8C



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI/]F;VYT


M;&4]
3IT


T0R/B@R-3$L

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T0G

M








T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


T0G8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2P\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97








@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0G8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI/]F






T0R/B@\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




Q




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M;&4]



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M






M=&EM97

T0R/B8C


T0G8V]L;W(Z


3`L
M


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



M

M;&4]







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


G

T0R/B8C




3D\+V9O;G0^

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


M
'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*/'1A8FQE('-T



T0G9F]N




G('-I





T0R/B8C
M





M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R
M/B8C

M.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@


M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M/3-$

M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&YO



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D












M/3-$

M86XL=&EM97






M

M=&EM97


M)R!N;W=R87`]



CX\

M97


M)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]





T0R/E)E=F5N=65S(&9R;VT@97AT97)N86P@

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T



RPQ-#D\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


Q-C`[

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


G

T0R/C0P+#4P-RPU



T0R
M/B8C




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M



T0R/C0S+#
T-2PY.3`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T




M
T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXM/]F;VYT

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I



M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M97

T0R/B8C



T0G8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG




M;&4]

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
6QE

M1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


G

T0R/B8C



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




Q





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


Q-C`[

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M97

T0R/B8C




Q-C`[






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V







Q-C`[

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V







T0G8V]L;W(Z



M




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M









M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

T0G8V]L





Q-C`[










@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO

T0G



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*/'1R





M97

T0R/B8C


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L






M
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA





M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


G

T0R/B8C





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO



T0R/B8C
M





M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

T0G8V]L






M
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA



T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M97

T0R/B8C




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



T0G8V]L;W(Z

T0G9F]N
6QE

M1#(^)B

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T





T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$







T0R/C$Y+#

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#4P

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M

M;&4]

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL




T0R/C(P




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\




@;V8@8V5R=&%I;B!B96%N+6)A




G('-I

T0R/B8C

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M(#$P



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS





M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#;W)N($1I=FES:6]N
M(#H\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


Q-C`[



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,#$R/]F;VYT


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C




T0R/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#:&]N9W%I

M;&4]



F4],T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS






T0R/C`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]











M

'0M



T0R/D-H96YG9'4@6FAE;F=D82!#




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY






G

T0R/B8C













M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE/]F;VYT



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]











M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[

M=&EM97

T0R/B8C






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


C

T0G9F]N=#H@

CPO







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M





M97


M




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




M



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T




T0R/C
\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M=&EM97

T0R/B8C











@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


T0R

@;F5W(')O;6%N


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M;&4]


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXT+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS




@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B8C
38P



M





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1W5C:'5A;B!&;V]D($-O+BP@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D/CQF;VYT





G('-I

T0R/C(S+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


T0G=&5X



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D




'0M86QI



T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G











M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$



M



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CLG/BXV/]F;VYT/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?
M9#0S-CEA-#
X-3


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4









]




@;F5W(')O;6%N



M;&4]






M86YC97
@:6X@8F%N:W

M;CH@



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0R/D9O

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L



2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!W97)E



3!P


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V



M=6YT960@9F]R(&=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`Q



C(N-B4@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M9&%T960@86-C;W5N='

2P@
M
C`Q


3`E(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#


3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T
M8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





T0G

T0G=&5X



M


M93TS1#(^/&(^)B



M=&EM97

T0R/B8C



T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&QE

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


CX\9F]N

G

T0R/D]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97





M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N








@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




Q


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/C$X-PY,#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T0G


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


38X+#@U.#PO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#0W-BPR-#4\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T




Q



Q



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXR+#8R,PU
#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY#;VYT:6YG96YC




@;F5W(')O;6%N



@=&5R;6EN









M
C`Q


@9'5E(&%T('1H




N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@

#$S(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T:&4@




C`Q

M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!T.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





'!T.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



M97
@=&AA=!S=6-H(&%L;&5G871I;VYS(&%N9!C;&%I;7
@87)E('=I=&AO
M=70@;65R:70@86YD(&EN=&5N9'



M:7




@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
M
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

M=#



M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4U54T51545.5!%5D5.5%



]




]




M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q:6X[)SX\8CY.3U1%(#(T+CPO8CX\+W1D



3
L(%1A:7II:'4@

BPS
#`@*%)-0C0L-3`P+#`P
M

65A<B!L;V%N(&EN

M0VAI;F$N(%1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!L;V%N('-T87)T960@9G)O;2!*86YU
M87)Y(#0L(#(P
3







M.#(R


3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T
M8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
2]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4S1T%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4R`H4&]L:6-I97



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M97



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M9F]N=#H@

M









M('1I;65S+!S97)I9CLG/E1H97-E(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P@

M:71H(%53($=!05`N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@9G5N8W1I;VX@8W5R


@




C`Q


]


@;F5W(')O



M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6X@8V]N9F]R;6ET


M=&5D(&%M;W5N='


M;B!T:&%T(&%R92!A=F%I;&%B;&4@86YD(&)E;&EE=F5D('1O(&)E(')E87-O





]







#$P+`D,3(U+#4V,!I;B!A('1R=7-T(&%C8V]U;G0N(%1H92!U


M86P@;V8@;W5R('!L86-E;65N=!A9V5N=!A;F0@=7




M960@87







BPX
C(@*%)-0B`Q
RPS-3`L
#`P*2!A;F0@)#(V
M-PX-#,@*%)-0B`Q+#8U,PP
#`I(&]F(&)A;FL@;&]A;G
@;V)T86EN960@
M9G)O;2!#:&EN82!-97)C:&%N='

U


@
M82!P;&5D9V4@9F]R(&$@8F%N:R!L;V%N(&]F(0Q+#(X-PP.#D@*%)-0C@L
M(#`P

38L
#4Q(&]F(&-A

@82!P;&5D9V4@9F]R(&$@8F%N:R!L;V%N
M(&]F(0Q-PT-#8H4DU.3`L(#`P,D@;V)T86EN960@9G)O;2!86YK(&]F
M($-O;6UU;FEC871I;VYS($=O;F=Z:'5F96X@4W5B8G)A;F-H.R!A;F0@*&0I
M(0U


#`L
#`P*2!O8G1A





M;'DZ=&EM97






@;F5W(')O;6%N









N
M($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!T:&4@8F%L86YC92!O9B!A8V-O

@=V%S

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$L('1H97)E














M;V-A=&EO;B!A;F0@8V]N9&ET:6]N+B!-87)K970@=F%L=64@:7
@9&5T97)M

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L


;VYG($QI



M97


@;F5W



M=&EO;B!S=6)J96-T(&]N;'D@=&\@=&5R;7




V
TQ,TT-2TQ
2X@5&AE











M(&-O;7!L971E('1H92!P;&%N(&EN9&EC871E('1H870@:70@:7
@=6YL:6ME
M;'D@=&AA=!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!C:&%N9V5S('1O('1H92!P;&%N('=I;&P@

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T










M=6%L;'D@;W(@87

]
M









M


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M(&ES(&-O;7!U=&5D('5S:6YG('1H92!S=')A:6=H=UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9!O

@
M87


'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q
M-C`[/]P/CQT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O




T1N

M



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/CQT9#Y=6EL9&EN9W,\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

T0G

M.B`Q

3`M

M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


M=6EP;65N=#PO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M;&5F=#LG/B8C




M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


3!P=#LG
M/C4M

M=#LG/B8C



M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


]




'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




M9F]N=#H@




M(&]F(&%M;W5N='




M96-I871E9!U;G1I;!S=6-H('1I;64@87


@:7
@=')A;G-F97)R




T0G;6%R9VEN.B`P

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L('-E


M+!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT(B!W:&EC:!A9&1R97-S97
@9FEN86YC:6%L(&%C



V

@=&\@




@=&AA




@87

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
M
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P



L($9I
M;FET92U

]

M













@87
@;V8@

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P

M86QI9VX]

M='



T0G

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@
M=&EM97


X

M96UE;G1S)B
X
C(Q.R`H9F]R;65R;'D@4T9!4R!.;RX@
34W*2!D969I;F5S



@82!H:65R87)C:'D@=VAI8V@@






@;W(@;&EA
M8FEL:71I97
@8F%S960@;VX@;6%R:V5T(&1A=&$@;V)T86EN960@9G)O;2!S

M;&4@:6YP=71S(&%R92!I;G!U='




M9B!T:&4@:6YP=71S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W





M


M97)I9CLG/DQE=F5L(#$@)B
X
C$Q.R!);G!U='

@;W(@
M;&EA8FEL:71I97










M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q.#
[




M

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



T0G9F]N=#H@
M

3@S.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

R`F(S@R
3$[(%9A
M;'5A=&EO;G
@8F%S960@;VX@:6YP=71S('1H870@87)E('5N;V)S97)V86)L







@;F5W(')O;6%N

M;VX@*$934D@3F\N(#$U-RTR+!%9F9E8W1I=F4@1&%T92!O9B!&05-(%-T
M871E;65N=!.;RX@

M
34L(#(P






M

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97


`H9F]R;65R;'D@4T9!
M4R`Q-3`L(8C.#(R



M9F]R;65R;'D@14E41B`P

M;'D@14E41B`P
TQ.2D@:&%S(&YO(&UA=&5R:6%L(&5F9F5C=!O;B!O=7(@




M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97

T0G




G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\

G/E1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


@4W1A9F8@06-C;W5N=&EN
M9R!=6QL971I;B!.;RX@,3`T(@F(S@R
C`[4T%(#$P-8C.#(R
3LI+B!4
F5S('!R;V1U8W0@<F5V96YU92!W:&5N('1H




M8V5I=F%B;&4@:7









M=&EM97
G/B8C




G/E1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W





2P@
C`Q
M
B!A;F0@
C`Q

@9&ES8V]U;G1S(&9R;VT@8V]N=&EN=6EN9R!O




@;F5W(')O




M/3-$





M(')E='5R;G

N($9O



'0^/'`@


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M

T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M;&4]



@
M9G)O;2!C;VYT:6YU:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G


RPP-#D@

]
T1R


M


'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M97AP96YS97


M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$@
C`Q
B!A;F0@)#DX+#
Y
M
R!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


T1T;W`^




M=#H@

38P

M

M86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
L(&]R(%-&05
L($YO+B`Q
C
H4BDL

M($YO+B`R-2X@4T9!4R!.;RX@
3(S*%(I(&ES(&YO=R!I;F-L=61E9!I;B!T
M:&4@1D%30B8C.#(Q-SMS($%30R!4;W!I8R`W,3@L(8C.#(R
#M#;VUP96YS
M871I;VX@)B
X
C$Q.R!3=&]C:R!#;VUP96YS871I;VXN)B
X
C(Q.R!5;F1E

C



@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&=R86YT

M:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='



M971I;B!.;RX@

@=&AE('-T869F)B
X
C$W.W
@
M=FEE=W






C








]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T





'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



X


M=6ER97
@82!C;VUP86YY('1O('5S92!T:&4@87-S970@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET

@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R(&1E

M97


'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

Q-C`[


M:6YG('!R97-U;65D('1O(&]C8W5R+B!4:&4@86UO=6YT(')E8V]G;FEZ960@
M:7

M92`F(S@R
C`[;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0F(S@R





@;F5W



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97






@







]

]






M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97


P@)B,X,C(P.U-T871E;65N=!O9B!#87-H($9L;W=S

X
C$W.W
@










M:68[)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M:68[)SY);B!-87D@
C`Q

M;F%T:6]N86P@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'


M

M92!A;65N9&UE;G1S(&EN('1H:7

M('1H92!W;W)K(&)Y('1H92!&05-(&%N9!T:&4@24%30B!T;R!D979E;&]P
M(&-O;6UO;B!R97%U:7)E;65N='





@;F5W(')O;6%N


3$M
#4I('1O($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE
M(A!4T,@5&]P:6,@,C(P*2X@5&AE(&%M96YD;65N=!R97%U:7)E('1H870@
M86QL(&YO;F]W;F5R(&-H86YG97

X
C$W.R!E








@
M87



M97

3$M
#@I
M('1O($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S)B
X






@=&AA;B!I='


M('1H96X@:70@:7






M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87
@;V8@86YD(&9O


@;F5W


@;F5W(')O;6%N

C`Q
2TQ

@


M:6
@




@


3`M

M(&-O;G1I;G5E('1O(&EN8VQU9&4@=&AE(')E86P@97-T871E+!D96)T+!A




M='
@=6YT:6P@;&5G86P@=&ET;&4@=&\@=&AE(')E86P@97-T871E(&ES('1R



'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B

M
3$M
3$I('1O($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@*$%30R!4;W!I8R`R
3`I(')E9V%R









M9F]N=#H@

M

3(M
M
#(I('1O($EN=&%N9VEB;&5S)B
X


M86X@;F]T('1H870@=&AE(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L92!A

M86QI='D@;V8@979E;G1S(&%N9!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S+!A;B!E;G1I='D@
M8V]N8VQU9&5S('1H870@:70@:7
















'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M92!);F-O;64N)B
X







M;G1I='D@:7






34L(#(P

@96YT
M:71I97


@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M



C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y
M830S.#4S


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

]
M






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

#L\

M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW
M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^1&]M:6-I;&4F(S$V
#MA

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D



M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A


M(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*



M






M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!C;VQS

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^4F5G:7-T97)E9#PO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO



M
B!N;W=R87`]

M.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C



7!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&-O;&]R

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B


M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]



T1N;W=R87`^4')I



M:61T:#H@

@



T0G=VED





M

M:#H@





M)SXF(S$V

M('=I9'1H.B`R




T0G8V]L;W(Z





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

3`P/]T9#X-CQT


#L\+W1D

FAE;B!2961S=6X\+W1D/@T*

38P.SPO

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




#`Y/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO






T0G

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*





M;&4]


M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



#L\

M8FQA8VL[)SXQ


M.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C










Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

38P





M+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C




M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M;&4]

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B

M







38P.SPO=&0^



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[

Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V




#`V/]T9#X-CQT9#XF
M(S$V

M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$L
#(U


@



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M




M8FQA8VL[)SXF(S$V

M:SLG/E1H92!04D


38P.SPO



M)SXF(S$V




M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G

M:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
M


M(S$V

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B

T0G8F%C:V=R



M/B8C


Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C;VQO






38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M;&4]


M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/DAE8F5I(%EU9W4@1W)A:6X@0V\N+!,=&0N(@B2&5B

M(S$V

M4D
L($IU;'D@
C4L(#(P

M;&%C:SLG/B8C





#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D




M93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
M#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


M:&4@4%)#+!*=6QY(#(W+`R
#`S/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3LG/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G=&5X



#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\


=&0N(@F(S@R,C`[2'5I8VAU;B8C.#(R,3LI*#$I/]T


M(S$V




38P



M8VL[)SXF(S$V






M


M=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

M



M96YT($QI;6ET960@*8C.#(R,#M*:6YG;&]N9R8C.#(R,3LI*#(I/]T9#X-
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z



#L\+W1D/@T*

M/B8C


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/G!R;V-U<F5M96YT+!S

38P.SPO=&0^

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L


M)SY4:&4@4%)#+!*=6YE(#$S+`R
#$P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C







Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^
M)B

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V




3`\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M.B!B;&%C:SLG/C0L
SDS/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG
M/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


#L\+W1D/@T*

#L\+W1D/@T*
M/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@







#L\+W1D/@T*




Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!F;VYT+7-I


M


Q-C`[

M8FQA8VL[)SY7:&]L97-A;&4@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N(&]F('!A8VMA9V5D(&9O






M
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-




T0G8V]L;W(Z




M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

2PR
M
#(L-#8P/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!C


M.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C






M

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G=&5X





M.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L

C4L(#(P
3`\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


M

M/C$L-3$U+#$U




M='

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L



#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T








@;V8@3F]R=&AE87-T($-H:6YA




M

38P.SPO
#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T





C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S
M.#4S



]
T1R


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


@6U1A


G/D1E

M:&4@87-S971S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G/E5S969U;!,:69E(#PO
M9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M












M97
G/B8C








3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M


T0R('-T


G/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M


M:7IE/3-$


M97



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N


T0R/C4M

T0R('-T

Q



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY&=7)N


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V





@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S
M-CEA-#
X-3



M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#








M97








M87!S93L@9F]N=#H@






M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

[.R!F;VYT








M;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M86X]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T




T0R/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D







M93TS1#(^)B


M1#(^
C`Q



M=&EM97




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.SL@


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
#$Q

T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\


M87`]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R`[(&9O;G0M




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE


M86XL=&EM97



@;F5W(')O

M97


M
T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]

M

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)R!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M


M97










M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M86XL=&EM97





[(#L@9F]N












@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V




M)B







M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\+W1R/@T*






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I

[.R!F


T0R/B8C
M


@;F5W(')O

M97


M
T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

M86XL=&EM97


@;F5W(')O;6%N




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B!T:6UE


M86XL=&EM97



Q-C`[




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M1#(^)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.SL@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.SL@9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



@;F5W


M=&EM97

M;&4]





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S


@;F5W(')O;6%N



3@X+#@W
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R`[(&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY




T0R/BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^







T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




M;&4]




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED


@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(Y-RPP-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R

M;3H@

@

M86XL=&EM97

G


T0G


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N

[


T0R
M/B8C






M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X
M-3

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


]
T1R;SX-


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G=&5X






T0G



T0G9F]N


T0R/B8C
M





[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CY#87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q
M-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]





M93TS1#(^4F5S=')I8W1E9!C87-H/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@









[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE

T0R/C$L





Q-C`[


T0R





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M



3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO



T0R/B8C




Q-C`[


@;F5W(')O;6%N


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R

@;F5W(')O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S




2PV-S
L.3DW


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\



T0R/B8C









[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE

T0R/C$Q-RPQ-3






M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

T0R/B@V+#0Y.2PV.#

M


M





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH





M

M







M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]



T0R/B8C



M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V






M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M;&4]

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N









T0G




T0G


M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0R
M/B8C



T0R/B@T.3DL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/CQF;VYT

[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M97

B!S






#$Q(&%N9`R,#$R+!N;W(@:7
@:70@:6YD:6-A=&EV92!O9B!F










T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/@T*




G/B8C
38P


M/3-$


M/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

T0R

M)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
#$R

G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0G


CX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E





G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


G/B8C



T0G9F]N

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C







G/C(U-2PW







B!S='EL

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR-S0L-C@Y
M+#$P







\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D








38L
#`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
#PO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

G/B8C
38P.SPO







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
BPS-3
L
CDX


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



M









@;F5W




T0G=&5X


T0G



M:7IE/3-$




M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L


M;&4]

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*








2XX




Q-C`[


C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y
M9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

]





]

M3&]A;G
@86YD($9I;F%N8VEN9R!296-E:79A8FQE(%M486)L92!497AT($)L



M97

B!S


@

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO


@

2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



G/B8C






M


G/D1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



G/B8C


M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A


G/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO









M

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



Q-C`[


G/B8C
38P

M.R!W:61T:#H@

G/C
V
M+#$V-RPQ
S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@

M






G/B8C
38P.SPO


T0R

M)B


M;'DZ=&EM97

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



@







B!S='EL93TS


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@




S
L.3D\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



T0G9F]N










M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U,E\X,68V7S1B-V1?.60V,5]D
M-#,V.6$T,S@U,S$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
M
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3

O
M4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]




]

#L@9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE


G/CQB
M/B8C






M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]





M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



G/B8C


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY$96-E

2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H

G/B8C
38P






T1N

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M
B!N;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



G/B8C


M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A


G/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

G/B8C
38P.SPO





@

4[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL93TS





@;F5W

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

G/B8C
38P








\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M8VL[)SXL
3
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS1#(@<W1Y;&4]
M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



2PY-S$\+V9O







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M8FQA8VL[)SXV


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXQ
BPQ
M
#DL









\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D




T0G

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@













M97









T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




C`L
S$T+#`Y
#PO9F]N





M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
M
S8Y830S.#4S






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]







'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M;&4]

M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^1&5C96UB97(@

M


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
C`Q







M=&%X97



'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

#


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V


M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^+3PO=&0^#0H\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^,34U+#@X
M,SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P
M.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L




38P.SPO



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^.#,L.#DY/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@<W1Y;&4],T0G8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9UC;VQO<CH@(V-C9F9C8SL@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG

M=F5R=&ES96UE;G0\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

M


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

M;3H@


T0G8F%C






3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T
M8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
2]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT




]







M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




T1N;W=R
M87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L



M86X]

2P\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M/B8C

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[)SX-CQT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M

#$R/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I

3$\


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\



M.B`Q)3LG/B8C




3`L


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@




M9W
\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C




M=&EM97

M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C




M;&4]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C

T0G

#@L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@



38P.SPO


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


38P.SPO



M:68[)SXQ
2PY

M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






#4L-S`U/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O
M;&0[)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/C$T+#0U.2PP
3@\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N


#L\+W1D


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@V+#8\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@R+#$P
RPP-S(\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



BXU

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B

BPS-34L.30V/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\+W1A





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

@


]



#L\+W`^



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
#X\='(@



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([


3(\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E



T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N





'0M86QI9VXZ

97-S.B!!8V-U;75L871E

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q-C`[

M;&4]

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


3`L-C4Q+#@T-#PO=&0^/'1D

M+C5P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T

M7S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U
M;&4@;V8@3W1H97(@07-S971S+!.;VYC=7)R96YT(%M486)L92!497AT($)L


M(S$V

#`E.R!B;W)D97(M

'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;BP@=&EM97

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT

T0G9F]N
M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\


M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


3(\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

#L\


T0G




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

Q-C`[


M)B


M;&4]

M9#LG/B8C

M86-K(#(N-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UW96EG



M9#LG/B8C

M+C5P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
M
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3T%.



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




]

M








T0P/@T*

M;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R
M/B8C



Q-C`[



M;W=R87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

CX\9F]N

G

T0R/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M







M1#(^
C`Q

M.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





G

T0R/B8C


M1#(^)B





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

G('-I

T0R/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




Q-C`[

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L



M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^
BPT

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N

G

T0R/B8C

'0M86QI

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M97







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M





M1#(^)B




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

T0R
M/B8C


Q-C`[






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO


M97

T0R/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M)B





@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A

T0G=&5X

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^)B




[)SX-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M:&4@86-T=6%L(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M)B




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0G



T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY4:&4@=&5R
M;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R=&5D(&9R;VT@075G=7-T(#,Q+`R
#$R('=I

CDL(#(P
3
N(%1H92!L;V%N



T0G


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


M86XL=&EM97







M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M92!W87








G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D




Q


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B8C
38P




#$S+B!4
M:&4@;&]A;B!W87


M87)S('-T87)T:6YG(&9R;VT@075G=7-T(#



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#
V-PS-#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G('-I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0R/B8C
38P

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93LG/@T*/'1D



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




Q-C`[




M97-T(')A=&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0G9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


Q-C`[





@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R




@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(X-PP.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


T0R/B8C
M


M86XL=&EM97



3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G('-I

T0R/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




M93TS1#(^)B

M8V9F8V








M;&4]




3`L(#(P
3
N(%1H

C`Q
2X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R/B8C
38P


M=&EM97

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


C8T+#@T
SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C


M1#(^)B



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXM/]F



M;W(Z(-C8V9F8V,[)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



P@,C`Q,RX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T






T0G



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M+#`P



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF





@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$,CY4:&4@=&5R;2!O9B!T:&4@;&]A;B!S=&%R=&5D(&9R;VT@4V5P=&5M
M8F5R(#(X+`R
#$R('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O;B!397!T96UB97(@
M

3


T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
F4],T0R/D]N($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#(Q+`R

C@@
M*&]R(%)-0C(U

2P@
C`Q
BP@
M=&AE(&QO86X@8F%L86YC92!W87
@)#$R

#`N
M






T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXQ,C`L,S@S/]F;VYT/CPO


T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^









T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$



M





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





M
BP@
C`Q
RX@5&AE(&QO86X@=V%S(&]B=&%I;F5D(&)Y($1E=&%I;B!9=2X\



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G('-I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




M)B

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\



T0G=&5X


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D






M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




M1#(^)B




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

T0R
M/B8C







M;&4]





M+!B96%R:6YG(&YO(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!N;R!D=64@9&%T92!W87

M8VEF:65D+B!4:&4@;&]A;B!W87
@;V)T86EN960@8GD@2FER=6AA:2X\+V9O



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



Q

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]






M97)C:&%N='


M871E('!L=7
@
C`E(&]F('!R:6UE(')A=&4L(&]F('=H:6-H('!R:6UE(')A



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG





M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]








#$Q+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




Q-C`[


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M93TS1#(^)B




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

M
T0R/B8C




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




M







@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





2!9=6-I($1I<W1R:6-T(%)U<F%L($-R








'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]





'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M)B




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M86)L92!T;R!*:6YZ:&]N9R!#:71Y(%EU8VD@1&ES=')I8W0@4G5R86P@0W)E








'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M;&4]






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




M







@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





2!9=6-I($1I<W1R:6-T(%)U<F%L($-R




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

'0M86QI9VXZ



T0R/E1H92!T97)M(&]F('1H92!L;V%N('-T

C`Q
2!W:71H(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4@




M-RP@
C`Q
BX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R/B8C
38P


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

G('-I

T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T




@8F%S960@;VX@;VYE+7EE87(@



T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\

M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N



M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


T0G9F]N=#H@

M87)T960@9G)O;2!-87D@
3`L(#(P
3%W:71H(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A=&4@;VX@
M36%Y(#DL(#(P


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF





@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M




7!T.R!T97AT+6%L








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M




T0R/BT\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B


M86XL=&EM97



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXW+#DT-PR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0G




F4],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\

M+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M
C


M;&4]

M;&4]




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-PT,3,L-#@P/]F;VYT



M93TS1#(^)B

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

C4R
M7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@

]









'!X.R!F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

@





T0G9F]N=UW96EG
M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[
M)R!C;VQS<&%N/3-$,B!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]T


T1N;W=R87`^)B


M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


#$Q/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

#L\


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\
M=&0^)B

T0G8F%C:V=R;W5N





FAI/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!T:6UE<R!N97<@


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


[


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D


Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9#XF(S$V

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G8F%C


C`Q
BY4:&4@;F]T92!W87
\+W1D/@T*/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


#L\+W1D

#L\+W1D
M/@T*/'1D/B8C




M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V





Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C

M;&4]

M


7!T


3(N/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M
7!T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED


38P.SPO



Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M





38P.SPO=&0^



M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D
M7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3







M14Y315


]

]
T1T97AT

]





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF
M(S$V


T0R

M)B

M(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]

M



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C



M
2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


T0R

M)B

T1N;W=R87`^

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

B!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

M=&EM97
G/B8C


M.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]



G/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQF;VYT



@;F5W


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXT
3(L-#


T0G



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY!8V-R=65D

G/B8C
38P



G/B8C


M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@


M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-I



C8V+#DX

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G



M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N







T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL

M;'DZ=&EM97







T0G9F]N


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

M(&1O=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[


G/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B





T0R

M)B



G/C$L


M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U,E\X,68V7S1B-V1?.60V,5]D
M-#,V.6$T,S@U,S$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
M
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3

O
M4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

]






@



@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H



Q

M=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


@;F5W




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



M)B

T1N;W=R87`^






T0R/B8C



M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

M
T0R/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N





'!E;G-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]


M



T0R/B8C
38P


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<SLG('-I

T0R/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0R/B0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S

T0R
M/B8C

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z










T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M








@


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@





M)B


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


T0G



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



M)B


T0R/B8C
38P


@;F5W(')O;6%N




Q


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^



3H@=&EM97

M93TS1#(^)B



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M
T0R/B8C



6QE/3-$

M97



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G

M



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
6QE/3-$)V)A


T0R/E!20SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA








M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$





[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


@;F5W(')O;6%N




M
T0R/B8C

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V







M


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


T0R/C$L-S8U+#4Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D

M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P


]




M.B`Q

'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D

M



M

T1N;W=R87`^/&9O



T0R/B8C





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

M



M;&4]


T0R/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G9F]N



@;F5W(')O

S0N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G9F]N


3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

M;&4]


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY487@M97AE;7!T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S

T0R/BTS
RX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M-CPO9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M







T0R/B8C


M97




T0G9F]N=#H@


[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$


T0R/B8C
38P


@;F5W(')O;6%N









3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S.R<@<VEZ93TS1#(^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M


T0G









[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG

M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G9F]N=#H@









[)R!S:7IE/3-$

[('9E




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT


[)R!S:7IE/3-$


'0M86QI




@;F5W



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N




M








M;&4]


M86XL=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0R/CDN-SPO9F]N=#X\



[)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0R/B8C






]

@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO


T0R/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-O;7!O
M;F5N='
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q





[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H



Q




@;F5W


M


M='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M

2P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M1#(^)B


T0R/B8C

M/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

B!N;W=R87`]

T0G

M


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M(&-O;'-P86X]



M
C`Q

M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@




T0R/B8C




M






T0R

M
T0R/B8C








M;&4]


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS.3$L
S
Y


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS-3$L


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


@86-Q=6ER

@8V]M8FEN871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G


T0R/C@X+#(P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE

@;F5W(')O


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


[)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



M93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF

M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@

M=&EM97

BPV


M=&EM97



M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
RPY
#DL-C8U


[)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PX
3
L
#4V


[)R!S:7IE/3-$

[)SX-CQT9!S='EL



T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


T0R/B8C

M97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$-








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N

M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!N;W=R87`]



M

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


T0R
M/B8C

M.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CY3:&%R97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0G

CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@


M97

T0R/B8C





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@


M97

T0R/B8C




M



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY&;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-





M9RUL969T.B`P+C(U:6X[('=I9'1H.B`V


M=&EM97


M

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@=&5X







@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@


T0G=VED=&@Z




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




G

T0R/B8C






T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


BPP













@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-







@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M97

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





M;&4]




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




M93TS1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S








T0R/DYE


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPP
#QF;VYT('-T


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

T0R
M/B8C




M1#(^)B

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T






T0R/B8C
38P


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T















G

T0R/B8C


G('-I

T0R/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.970@:6YC;VUE(&%T

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



38L-#4\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/B8C
38P


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



3(L-C$T+#$P.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+C
P

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^)B




@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T0G9F]N

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




M93TS1#(^)B


G


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$






@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M86XL=&EM97

T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T



T0R/B0\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


2XY




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0R
M/B8C

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF;VYT



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF


2PY-S0L-S










M;G

@+2!D:6QU

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT
F4],T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D

T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,PU
M-3
L.3

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M


M1#(^






@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C



T0R/B8C
M








T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


G

T0R/B8C


M1#(^)B





T0R
M/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D






M97

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N


M;&4]


M=&EM97


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXQ-RPS



@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


M93TS1#(^)B

M9&5N9'



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^)B


M1#(^)B

M8V



M;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M=&EM97

T0R/B8C





RPS-3D\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO




M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPT


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M86XL=&EM97

T0R/C$N-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\



]
T1T




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\:3XF(S$V


@;F5W(')O;6%N




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]


M93TS1#(^)B



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G9F]N

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

T1N





T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CY397)I97
@03PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H



Q



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M


[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V

M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A

@




@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT


[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M


M(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]




T1N




M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L
M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]



T1N;W=R87`^

6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-C8V9F8V



T0G




M




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

@;F5W


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@



6QE/3-$

[)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V


T0R/B8C
38P





M;&4]




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L





Q
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA

T0R/B8C

6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L
M;W(Z(-C8V9F8V

M;&4]


@;F5W(')O;6%N



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXY+#@Q


M;&4]





M.3DU+#4R
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

6QE/3-$



M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T

[)R!S
M:7IE/3-$
CXQ


M=&EM97




[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY$:7)E8W0@9FEN86YC


M




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L





T0R/B8C







[
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86-E;65N=!A9V5N=!W87)R

M






M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


@;F5W(')O;6%N



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M



@;F5W(')O

3@W+#
V-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG<F]U;F0M8V]L;W(Z('=H:71E.R!V97)T:6-A;UA



[)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M
T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T





[)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXF(S$V






T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


M93TS1#(^)B


M=&EM97
[)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@07-S=6UP=&EO;G,@57-E9!4






@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G
M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C









'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!N
M;W=R87`]






M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



B!S






'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E

M97

T1N;W=R87`^





G/B8C


M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT










B!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

M97



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
M

M


B!N;W=R87`]
M

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY,979E;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S


M


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O








M(&-O;'-P86X]

G/C(P
M

T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@



G

24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SX\


G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0R

M)B


T0R('-T

Q




M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$


M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY
M.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




B!S='EL93TS


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)SXF(S$V



G/B8C

M;&4]

T0G9F]N



T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\




G/D-O;7!O;F5N='


M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

T0R

M)B

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97
G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




B!S


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SY#


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

M=&EM97
G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\


M

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


G/B8C

M
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F;VYT



T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO

M8SL@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@


T0R

M)B




G/C8U.2PX






B!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXR
M
#DL-#
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q<'0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
B!S='EL


T0R('-T

Q
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T





6QE/3-$



Q-C`[
F4]
M



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)SXW+#(Y
2PR





T0G9F]N

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXD/]F


M

M



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0^/&9O;G0@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<VEZ93TS


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D/CQF




'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


G/B8C

T0G



M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

M





G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T




M:7IE/3-$

B!S

@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V

G/B8C
38P.SPO



M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97
G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




M

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXS+C4U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\








M;&4]

M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[

@;F5W




@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V
#L\



G/C(N



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.G1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B8C
38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG



BXP
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T

T0G9F]N

M


T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




G/C



Q-C`[
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.G1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BQT:6UE<R<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM
M97
G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0R('-T

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,B!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

G/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97
G/B4\+V9O



'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I
M;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M86)L97





T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P




#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H



38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T






M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]




M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]


38P





M;&4]



M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^)B


B!N;W=R87`]

M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q

M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]





38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#XF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!C

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


Q



M:'0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

S(\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/C(S-2PX.#
\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C


#L\+W1D


#L\+W1D/CQT




T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH-B!L969T


T0G=&5X


M

T0G

M


M;&4]


Q-C`[

38P.SPO


38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\


#L\+W1D


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]


T0G

M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@








M;&5F=#LG/B8C


RXU

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT



M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/E)E;6%I;FEN9R!T97)M
M/]T9#X\=&0^)B

M;&5F=#LG/B8C



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L



'!T('1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97





T0G=&5X


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

'0M86QI

38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/CQT



Q

38P

BXS.3PO


M=&0^)B

M/B8C

M

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

38P

#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(\+W1D/CQT






M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C




M='






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



M;W=R87`]


M(V-C9F9C8SL@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@


M)B





T0G


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!W:61T:#H@

BXS




M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M


M=#LG/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT



M;&4]




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$L
34T+#(W
SPO=&0^/'1D

M+C5P=#LG/B8C

M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C

M=&]M.B`R+C5P=#LG/B8C



T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T0G8F%C





M(S$V

Q

38P.SPO=&0^

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#Y&;W)F96ET960\+W1D/CQT
M9#XF(S$V

M)B


38P.SPO





#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B

M9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B





M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




E\X
M
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

]
M


T1T





L





'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P





M)R!N;W=R87`]

#M097)I;V0\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H



#$P)B
Q-C`[+28C
38P.S$Q+S@O
C`R
M


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




M8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&YO=W)A

2\X+S(P
3$F(S$V
#LM)B
Q-C`[
3$O.\R,#(P/]T


M;&4]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT


C`Q
B8C
38P.RTF(S$V
#LQ
2\X+S(P
C`\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R('-T

M

M.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@

2XQ

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C



2XR-SPO=&0^

M

38P.SPO=&0^

M

M:#H@


M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C





38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




[('9E


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-#8N,3`\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0^)B

M=#LG/B8C


M)B


M;&4]

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

TU-2XP,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA

M)SY$:79I9&5N9!9:65L9`H)2D\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO

#L\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`N
#`\+W1D/CQT



M

#L\




M;&4]

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97





B!N
M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
2\Q-2\R
#$Q)B
Q-C`[+28C
38P.S$R+S$U+S(P
M
C`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT

#L\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@



M;&4]

M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M4F%T92`H)2D\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$U)3LG/C(N
34\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$U)3LG/C(N
S(\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$U
M)3LG/C(N-3`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V


:79E

I/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0-B!S='EL93TS1=T


M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T


Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-#8N,34\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0^)B

M/B8C


Q



M



#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT


38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P

#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`N
#`\+W1D


'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SY$:79I9&5N9!9:65L9`H)2D\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T





M;&5F=#LG/B8C







'!X
M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97



@



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@




38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M
#DO
#@O
C`Q
B8C
38P.RTF(S$V
#LP

M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M8V9F8V

T0G


M

38P.SPO=&0^

M

M:#H@

2XP

M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C





38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D














T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/D1I=FED96YD(%EI
M96QD(@E*3PO=&0^/'1D/B8C

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`N
#`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M





@;F5W





M


M97)I9CLG/CQI/B8C

M.B`Q

'!T
M('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B




T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q


M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C

M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/]T<CX\='(@<W1Y;&4]





M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C





T0G=&5X




Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^-#8N-#4\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R



M
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



M=#LG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C`N
#`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L








38P.SPO=&0^/'1D






M;V8@;W!T:6]N(&%C=&EV:71Y('5N9&5R('1H92!0;&%N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#

M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@:7


#L\+W`^/'1A8FQE('-T


M.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0G




B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^5V5I9VAT960M

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B



B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^5V5I

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

T1N;W=R
M87`^)B

T1N;W=R
M87`^)B


B!N;W=R87`]







M;&4]




B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R
M87`^)B

M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M
6QE/3-$

38P.SPO





M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D


\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L


T1N
M;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^)B
Q


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^
M5F%L=64\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F

#L\+W1D

M1=W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS








#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\


BXR
SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
M

Q-C`[

#L\


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH-B!L


T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=&5X




M;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@R-C$L

M/BD\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

Q

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

7!T



T0G=&5X




38P.SPO=&0^


#`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

N
M
S`\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M


T0G9F]N=#H@


\+V9O










M93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C8V-F9F-C.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG


2D\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
BXU

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B


2PQ
C0L





T0G


M)B



'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A





M/B8C

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(S$V






]




M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M8V5M8F5R(#

M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@:7


#L\+W`^/'1A8FQE



'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M


T0G=&5X




M



B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R87`^
M)B

M;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

T1N;W=R
M87`^)B

M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M

#L\


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED



B!N;W=R87`]

M)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B

M
T1N;W=R87`^)B


M=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\


3(\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$U)3LG/C(W
2PV

M
24[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M






'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]





M;&5F=#LG/B8C






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#LG/B8C


M/B8C







T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



#`\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

2PY-S0\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R




S$L(#(P
M






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P




38P.SPO=&0^


M8F]L9#LG(&-O;'-P86X]

M87(@16YD960\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG



M/B8C


38P.SPO

M;'-P86X]

2P\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M8F]L9#LG/B8C

M:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T



CXR

S
S
S
S
[(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD



M
S
S
S

@=&\@0F5I:FEN9R!9:6QI86X@1VEF='

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[

M.B`Q

M

S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B`C
S
S
S


3`E.R!C;VQO

S
S
S
SLG/C
L

6QE/3-$)W1E

S
S
S

@=&\@0F5I
M:FEN9R!$;W5K;W5N:6%N:'5A($)I;W1E8VAN;VQO9WD@0V\N+!,=&0N/]T


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V

S
S
S
SLG/B8C


S
S
S

Q-C`[

M
S
S
S








M8VL[)SXF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
M,S,S,S,S.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


M
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@8V]L;W(Z

RPU




]

]
T1T97AT/CQP





'!X.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

M)B


@;F5W



M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD

3(\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG(&YO=W)A

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


M;&4]







S
S
S
S
[)SY$=64@9G)O;2!&96YG($QI

M)B



S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B`C
M
S
S
S

M.R!W:61T:#H@

S
S
S
SLG/BT\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B`C
S
S
M
S



S
S
S
SLG/D1U
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C,S,S,S,S.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

M=#L@8V]L;W(Z(,S,S,S,S,[)SY$=64@9G)O;2!(86\@2&4\+W1D/CQT9!S



T0G8V]L;W(Z


M

M8FQA8VL[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@8V]L
M;W(Z(
S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V

M(S
S
S
S
SLG/B8C

M(&QE9G0[(&-O;&]R.B`C
S
S
S


S
S
S


M
S
S
S


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

S
S
S

M871I;VX@1F]O9`H0F5I:FEN9RD@0V\N+!

S
S
S
S
[)SXF(S$V
M


S
S
S

Q

S
S
S
S
[)SXM

M;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(,S,S,S,S,[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!S

S
S
S
S
[
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C

S
S
S
M


S
S
S

Q-C`[





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


S
S
S

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`R
M+C5P=#L@8V]L;W(Z(
S
S
S
S

Q

#L\+W1D


S
S
S



M(S$V

]





@;F5W(')O;6%N






Q+#PO=&0^






M;&4]


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG

#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D



M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3LG/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^








3`E

BPX.3DL-C



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M+B!796YJ=6X@5&EA;CPO=&0^/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(L-C8P+#8R


#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D


BPQ-#0\+W1D





38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T

C8U+#(Y
3PO=&0^/'1D('-T

#L\+W1D/CQT9#XF(S$V
M

Q-C`[








T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG/B8C
38P.SPO

M=6)L93L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)SXD

M)SXU+#0T-2PQ


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


M

S$L(#(P




]





[)SXF(S$V




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M


M
CY#;W)N/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#LG



38P.SPO=&0^






CXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D(&YO






M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#

CY$:79I




M

CY$




M/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G9F]N





Q-C`[/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$U

M:#H@

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D('-T


T0G

M;&4]





M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXD/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`E



M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(U-PP


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\






#L\


M

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L\+W1D/@T*


M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L



2PW



M)SXQ-RPR


2PW

SPO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M(S$V


T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^#0H\='(@



T0G8V]L;W(Z





V
CPO=&0^#0H\





M9G0[)SXF(S$V






M)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT



T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T



M;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


\
6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/BD\

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T







2PT

T0G9F]N=#H@







T0G8V]L





M

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L





T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/DYO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-CQT9!S

38P.SPO

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


M9G0[)SXF(S$V

M/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO

M;&4]

Q-C`[

#L\+W1D


M

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G8V]L;W(Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R





#L\

T0G9F]N=#H@

S
R


M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CDL/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C;VQO

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M;&4]

Q-C`[


L

@

M;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K


38L-#`\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97
L



T0G;6%R

'!X.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM
M97


M

M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





M;&4]


M(S$V



T0G9F]N


T0G
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0[)R!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B,Q-C`[/]T


CXF(S$V

M

#L\+W1D/@T*/'1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CLG(&YO=W)A<#TS1&YO=W)A





M;&4]

M






M/3-$


M;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M





M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

3`E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C$W-RPW
C
L
M
30Y/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P)3L@



#L\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F


'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*/]T



M;&4]
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/BT\+W1D

#L\

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T



T0G8V]L;W(Z








T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L





M=#LG/B8C


M)B

M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V


M;&5F=#LG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K

#L\+W1D

38P.SPO=&0^#0H\


M)B



6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG
M:'0[)SXT



M;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K



M

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L



S4\+W1D/@T*/'1D





M;&]R.B!B;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z


M-2PV






T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/B@Q


#L\


38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@


Q



M)SXH-S8S+#0T

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T




38P.SPO=&0^#0H\=&0@

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C0W
M.2PU


M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C


RPX
3


6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@<FEG:'0[)SXY-SDL
CDW/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=C

#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/DYO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-

M

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L



M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V

M;&%C:SLG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K




M)B

M

M=#LG/B8C

T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/C
X+#8W

T0G


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-CQT

M(S$V


M

M97


@;F5W(')O;6%N



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/CQF;VYT('-T

M93TS1#(^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L97






M)B


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



G('-I

T0R/B8C

M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N



@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([)R!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R




M=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([




T0R/C(P







T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D


M


C`Q

M/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@








T0R
M/C4N


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE/]F;VYT

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
M
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N





T0R/B8C
38P








@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$









@4V%L97

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B



T0R/C$T+C
\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0R/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MCQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

G('-I

T0R/B8C


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$




T0G




F4],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/]T


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

T0G








T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$
CXR
RX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R
M;VUA;BP@=&EM97









M97

T0R/C`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97




3IT:6UE<R!N97<@<F]M86XL=&EM97

M


@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
BX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T('1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;BP@=&EM97

#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0^/&9O;G0@


M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT('-T





T0R/B8C




M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:V]U;FEA;FAU82!&;V]D($-O+BP@3'1D+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H\+W1D/@T*


M
T0R/B8C

M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/CQF



#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T

T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXE/]F;VYT/CPO





@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W`@





T0G








T0R/B8C
M





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V



@
M;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V

M











T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M
T0R/B8C



T0R
M/B8C


T0G

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T0G



M97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N
M+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V








T0R/E-H86YX:2!'=6-H=6%N

M

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT


M
C


M86XL=&EM97


G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]

@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3


G('-I

T0R/B8C







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#LG/CQF;VYT


@;F5W


@;F5W
M(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4



T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B;&4[('1E



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T0G



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
M
S@U



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%
M3D-)15


]


96%S97
@3V8@3&5S







M;'DZ=&EM97
@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE
M/3-$






M(&-O;'-P86X]



M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M93TS1#(^)B



T0R/C
R
BPY
M-S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





T0R/C(P



T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR.3@L-C8S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H\=&0@



M


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


3@T+#DP.3PO


M97

T0R/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M=&EM97

T0R/C(P

G('-I

T0R/B8C




T0R/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]





T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXR,#$W/]F;VYT/CPO


@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF
M(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


38X+#@U.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*/'1D



T0R/B8C
M



M
T0R/E1H97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@





@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(S$V


T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I
M;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-CQT9!S='EL93TS

@;F5W(')O;6%N+'1I;65S)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXD




M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



]

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R



]

]











M

\+W1D/@T*





]


]
T1F

]





]


]

]




]


]















T1T;W`^
M4VAE;GIH96X@2FE2=4AA:2!496-H;F]L;V=Y($-O+B!
=&0N(%M-96UB97)=






]

]


M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]







M96EJ:6YG($-O+B!
=&0N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L







]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


]


M
C





#`N



#LF(S$V
M


=&0@6TUE

]


]

]
T1T97AT/E1H92!04D

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@






]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C$P
XP,4\








]

]
T1P


]
T1T97AT/E1H92!04D






]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P











T1T

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*=6X@

]

2PU





]

]

]



]


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]
M
T1T97AT/DIU;`R-2P-@D)
C`Q


M9VX]



]


]
T1R;SX-

M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y7:&]L97-A;&4@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N(&]F)B
Q-C`[9W)A


@86X@86=E




M:2!486EZ:6AU($9O;V0@0V\@3'1D(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]









#`N



]




]






]











#`N
#`E

M=7`^6S%=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@8VQA

]







]

]
M

]
T1T97AT/E1H92!04D





]





]

M
BPQ



]

]










T1T;W`^



]

2PT.3(L



]

]

]
T1T97AT/D]R9V%N:6
@9W)A:6YS('!R96QI





]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y4:&4@4%)#/'-P86X^/]S





]

M
30L-C

M1&9N/CQS=7`^6S-=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]




]
M





M9VX]


]




M:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y687)I86)L92!I





]




]
T1T97AT/DIU;B`Q

]
















]

]
T1F;CX\



]






M97



]








M=&5X=#Y.;W8@



]
T1F






















#$Q+@T*/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^
M#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM+2TM+2T]

C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
M



]
T1R97!O


M3E0@4%)%4$%2051)3TX@*$1E=&%I;'


^
3(@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L




3(@36]N


M1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$



2!-;VYT:'


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*


SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\


M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^0TY9/&)R/CPO


#$P/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`Q

]

]



]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q
M+`R,#$P/&)R/DIU;F1E(%IH86YG(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^17AE8W5T:79E



#$R/&)R/D1E=&EA

#$P/&)R/DUA;F%G96UE;G0@86YD($-O;G-U;'1A;F-Y





C`Q

M2&]L9&EN9W


]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#


S`L(#(P


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`P


#`Y/&)R/DII;GIH;VYG(%EO;F=C:&5N

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`Q-BP@
C`Q



@0V\@3'1D(%M-96UB97)=/&)R





]




#$R/&)R/DII;&EN($II;F=L;VYG($%G


#$Q/&)R/E-B8W9C(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/E1A:7II:'4@


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`P
BP@
C`Q
CQB





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@L-S
V+#DS


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]M

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@











]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$P



































S
N

S0N

3`N
#`E/'-P86X^


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
N




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]








#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!);FIE8W1I;VX@26X@17AC













































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]











]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT









]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


#`N



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
R


]

]
M


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C





T
BPQ-C@\




]
T1N=6UP/C4L


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS










#`E/'-P86X^

#`E
















































]
T1N=6UP/C$P












































]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]
























S4N


























]


]
T1T97AT/C$P('EE87)S















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#0Y
RPU




















































































M87!I=&%L(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\






































M
C`L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]


3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W
M9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S



M:G


M9#TS1$E$






]
T1R


]



]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)U:6QD:6YG(%M-96UB97)=('P@36EN:6UU;2!;365M




T1T



]

]
T1T97AT/C

M17%U:7!M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]

]
T1P






M97


T1T;W`^

M=6P@3&EV97

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y
M9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S




^


M1$E$

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


]


]

]
M

]


]


]


]

]
M


#$P/&)R/E531`H
M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q



M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

@0F%N:R!$;VYG


2P@
C`Q




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M($5I9VAT(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P


S$L(#(P
3(\




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




















]
T1N
M=6UP/CDU

















]


]

















]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(V-BPQ










38L

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
S(S+#8R
M



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]
T1N=6UP













]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C@P




]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


3=E
M
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
M
S8Y830S.#4S




^+RH@1&\@


$50






#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]



]

#QS






]
M




]
T1N=6T^*#$R+#(U-BPX


\+W1D/@T*

MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+#(U,2PS-C0I/'-P86X^/]S


]
T1N=6UP



]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#
W



@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T87AE

]
T1N=6T^*#4L
3@X+#@W
BD\







]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


RPX.3$L.#






]



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
CQB

M8RX@
S$L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y&96(N(#`R+`R,#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N











]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@T


]







]


]



T1T;W`^




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-RPQ-3





]


]



M




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]





]
T1T









M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
M
S@U


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M0E5324Y%4U
@0T]-0DE.051)3TX@*$1E=&%I;'
@

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


U+#@Y
M


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C(L


]



]






3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?
M9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W
M93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE

$5


CX\

M;'-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#(L(#(P
M

]
T1T



@06-Q=6ES:71I;VXL($5F9F5C=&EV

M/3-$=&5X=#Y&96(@


]



@06-Q=6ES:71I;VXL



]
T1N=6UP/C$P




M(#4L-3`R+#$X

#4L


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V
M.6$T
S@U


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
S






3

M97AT4&%R=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$-



M(&ED/3-$240P14-&04


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



3`X
M+#4P

]

T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'


M



C(L

30L


E\X
68V
M7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

M



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9'5C=&EB;&4@=F%L=64M861D960@=&%X97
@*%9!

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
#



]

38S+#0T
SQS


]

M
34U+#@X






T1T;W`^4')E





T1T;W`^5&]T86P\

M.3$L-3


M=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U




M240P15=
04




]
T1T:#Y-87(N
M(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^






]





3`P+#`P


M



M93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S





]

T1)1#!%


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]


38L-3
T+#4T



T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N

]


]




M;F0@9FEX='5R97




]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#0U.2PP



Z($%C8W5M


]
T1N=6T^*#(L
3`S+#`W





E\X
68V7S1B-V1?
M.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

T0G=&5X


04
^#0H@(`@(`\='(^




#$R/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^0TY9


#$R/&)R/D)U:6QD


]


M











]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PV
#`L

U+#`P




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@*$1E=&%I;'
@

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*





]






]

]
T1P



]







]



T1T;W`^3&%N




]


]


M/B@Q.#DL


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y
M9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S






]



]


]

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

2P@
C`Q

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^1&5Y=2!!9W)I8W5L='5R92!#;W)P(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/G-Q9G0\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB







T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D(%5S
M969U;!,:69E($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!097)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]









]
T1R

]
M
















C(\



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?
M.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M5%
@*$1E=&%I;'



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

86YD('5S92!R:6=H='
\+W1D

]








]









@*$1E=&%I;'

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P



M
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q
M7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S




^+RH@


M







M

S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^3&]A;G
@4&%Y86)L92P@3VYE(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M



#$Q

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^3&]A;G

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$R/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
!;365M8F5R73QB<CY54T0@*0I/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@
M(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S<STS1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&]A;G
@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&]A;G
@4&%Y


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#$Q/&)R/DQO86YS(%!A


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



#$Q/&)R/DQO86YS

2P@
C`Q

;V%N

2P@
C`Q


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB


M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M



M+#
R
RPV
C




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PT-#0L-C`P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B`Q+#8U




M+#`P

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]




M(#(L
3(Q+#$P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


U

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

3=E
F0R
M-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3

O4VAE
M970W
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O


S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^3&]A;G
@4&%Y86)L92P@3VYE(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&]A;G
@4&%Y86)L92P@5&AR

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^3&]A;G


#$R/&)R/DQO86YS


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




#$Q


#$Q/&)R/DQO86YS


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

@9F]R($5F
M9F5C=&EV92!2871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



@
3

M;'5S(#$S


]



]


]
T1T97AT/G!R


]



]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N
#`E

M-BXP



]



]
T1N=6UP/C8N
#`E/'-P








M1&YU;7`^(#$L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]

]
M


]


]


]









M7S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

M(&)Y($)A;FL@;V8@0V]M;75N:6-A=&EO;B!A=!96EJ:6YG($1O;F=Z:&EM
M96X@8G)A;F-H+!B96%R:6YG(&YO(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!N;R!F:6YA;F-E
M(&-H87)G92Y4:&ES(&YO=&4@:7
@9F]R($%U9W5S=`Q-RP@,C`Q,2!T:')O
M=6=H($9E8G)U87)Y(#$W+`R


M
C`Q

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PU

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F
M-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3




M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14-$04

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\




3(L-#







M9VX]


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
M
S8Y830S.#4S






]




M

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




]


]



]



T1T;W`^52Y3+CPO=&0^

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L

]
T1R

]








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



@*$1E=&%I;'
@




T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@52Y3+B!I


]
T1N=6UP/C

]
M






]
T1N=6T^*#







]



M
T1T;W`^26YT97)C;VUP86YY(&5L:6UI;F%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@






T1T;W`^26YC;VUE('1A

]
T1N=6UP/CDN-S`E/'-P86X^

XY,4\

M
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S






]

T1)1#!%04I!

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]





*3PO=&0^#0H@



T1T


S


S4Q+#(P


]





]


]
T1N=6T^*#

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#@Q

]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
M
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U




M97%U:78]


]



M9SY)3D-/344@5$%815
@*$1E=&%I;'


3(@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C








]
T1N=6UP/C$P






]
T1N=6UP/C(U


M
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q
M7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S




^+RH@


M






#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]

M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G





C8L



]
T1N=6UP/C0R-RPY






T1T
M;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K:&]L

M-BPP



S
U+#0T



]

\+W1D/@T*







#



M;7`^
BPP


2PY-S0L-S






]


M
3`L-3DX+#8P


]

@87!P



I/]T9#X-B`@

BPV
30L

3(L-#DW+#$V-#QS

]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XY

]
T1P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


@+2!B87-I8R`H:6X@






M=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M)R!%455)5%D@*$1E=&%I;'




]

2PR.#@L



T1T;W`^1&ER96-T(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!C


T1T

\+W1D

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N
M=6UP/CDL
C4P+#$R

]
T1P

]
T1R93X-




\+W1D


T1T;W`^1&ER96-T





]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C@L



]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L
#

]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/CDY-2PU
C



]
T1N=6T^*#$V
2PT-#
I/'-P



T1T;W`^1FEN86YC:6YG($-O



C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
0T*



]

M:60]


2!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

3X\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q+`R,#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S`L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#$P+`R,#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C





]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]
M

]
















#DL-#
Y

M-C4Y+#@R

]


]


M+#(Y
2PR



R!;365M8F5R












]
T1N=6UP



M=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@8V]S=!O9B!C87!I=&%L(@B5T%#0R(I


24\



M
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S






]



G($5154E4


T0R/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D


2P@
C`Q


C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]


]


]













]


]



@

L($QE=F5L(#(@6TUE;6)E

]


]


]


]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N







]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]

]


]


T1T;W`^26YD97AE9!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]








]


]


]



@

L($QE=F5L(#
@6TUE;6)E

]


]


]


]


]



]





]










M;FEF:6-A;G0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
M
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



G


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P

2PQ-30L

M='


]




]

2PQ-30L









L($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



@870@=&AE(&)E9VEN;FEN





]
T1R

]

@
R!M;VYT:'
@
M



]
T1T

]


]


]


]

]

T0Q/CPO=&@^

]

]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]




]

]

M;'-P86X]

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

C`Q


]


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4V5R:65S($$@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@4')E9F5R

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^4V5R:65S($$@0V]N=F5R

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^4V5R:65S($$@



S`L(#(P


M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^07!R+B`S


#$P/&)R/E!R:79A=&4@4&QA

#$P/&)R/E!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT

]
T1T






M36%Y(#
Q+`R,#$P/&)R/E!R:79A=&4@4&QA8V5M96YT(%-E8V]N9!2;W5N

]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
3`L(#(P
3`\8G(^4')I=F%T92!0;&%C96UE;G0@4V5C;VYD(%)O=6YD
M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


M;7`^)`Q,PX














]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT













#`N
























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

3`L


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

3(P+#`P


]
T1R;SX-


]


]


]


]












]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


























]



























BPP


L


M;7`^
C$R+#0R


]


]


]


]


]


]





BPY.3
\
















M1&YU;7`^


]
T1T

]
T1T


2PU-34L-C(W/'-P







































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]



]






















]


]



S4L




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





M(%!L86-E;65N=!&964@4&%Y86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


























]







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


























]
T1T97AT


T1T


























]
T1R;SX-

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@1&EV:61E;F1S+!3:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8V+#


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]








































M-2XW













































































]


]


]

S@L


E\X
68V
M7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

M



M8RX@
S$L(#(P

M=&]P/D]P=&EO;G

#$P(%M-96UB




]
T1N=6UP/C$N




]




]

M;7`^




]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N



]

]
M



]



]


]


]




]




]



]


C`R




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F0@66EE;&0@*4I/]T9#X-B`@(`@








]
M

@


]

]


]



]


]






]
T1N=6UP
M/C(N







]
T1N=6UP/C`N


C`Q
B!4:')O=6=H($1E8V5M


]


]




]



]
T1R93X-

M


]

#$R(%M-96UB97)=

]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1P


]

]
M

]
T1P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&EV
M:61E;F0@66EE;&0@*4I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$N



]






M=&]P/D1I=FED96YD(%EI96QD(@E*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




#$R





T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@3&EV
M97





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]



]


RP@
C`Q
B!;365M8F5R72!\($5X97)C:7-A8FQE($YO=F5M

]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP/C`N



C`Q-!4:')O=6=H($YO=F5M8F5R
M+`R
#(P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]

@
3$@;6]N=&AS(#(S



]



]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
M
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U




M:78]

]
M


M2$%212U05-%1!#3TU014Y3051)3TX@*$1E=&%I;'
@

]


M

]
T1N=6UP/C@Q-2PP




]


]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]


]

]
T1P


2P@
C`Q

M97
L($5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-




2PQ
M
C0L

M1&9N/CQS=7`^6S%=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


C




]






@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M





M8FQE(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#


]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]




Q


]

]


]

]



M/CQS=7`^6S%=/]S=7`^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@

]

#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

C
S+#@P



M

M87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
M
S@U



]


M3TX@*$1E=&%I;'
@


]



M87)Y(#$L(#(P


]



]
M





T1T;W`^4VAA

2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@

T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960M079E




M9VX]



]


M92P@56YV97-T960@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D
M7SED-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3
Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S$W93)D
C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
2]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$542D)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$




T0T/C$@36]N=&AS

M1#
^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

#$P

C`Q



S$L(#(P


S$L(#(P



M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M960@26X@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/D]P=&EO;G,@1W)A;G1E9!/;B!.

RP@
C`Q

]
M












]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]


]

]
M




2PP
#`L




S$L

#`P/'-P

M+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0R


]








]



T1T;W`^4VAA








]

S
N
S
E/'-P86X^

S
N
S
E






]

@4&5R8V5N=&%G92!/9B!686QU
M871I;VX@06QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#`N




]


]


]


]

]
M

34P+#`P



]


@869T97(@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&=R86YT

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED-C%?9#0S
M-CEA-#
X-3

O4VAE970X.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]





]



]

]
M




T1T;W`^
M0F5I:FEN9R!$;W5K;W5N:6%N:'5A($)I;W1E8VAN;VQO9WD@0V\N3'1D+B!;




T1T;W`^0F5I:FEN9R!9:6QI86X@1VEF='
@
M5&5C:!$979E;&]P;65N=!#;R!


]



]


M(#
L







M4$%25%D@5%)!3E-!0U1)3TY3(A$971A:6QS(#$I(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S

2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^1F5N9R!
:74@6TUE;6)E

]


]


34L




]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



]

]
T1R93X-

M;7`^
S0L
S




]






S



]

]






M







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
M
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U




M97%U:78]


]





M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



T1T;W`^1&]N

]



T1T;W`^1'5E('1O(')E




C














]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
M
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@




]



M;7`^-#(L




]



]














]





RPW
S




S-RD\











]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P+#$T.2PS








]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6T^*#$Q.2PX



]
T1N=6T^*#$L
M-CDQ+#
P





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L-3`P+#8Q

]
M

]
T1R;SX-

T1T;W`^26YT97)S96=M96YT


#QS

]








M1&YU;3XH
C4Q+#`U

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W




]
T1N=6UP/CDR



]


]



T1T;W`^
M06QL($]T:&5R(%-E9VUE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






]


M




]










]
T1N=6UP
M/C
X+#8W

]


SDI


M9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M*$1E=&%I;'
@


M9VX]





@4V%L97


]
T1N=6UP/C8N





@4V%L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C0N


]
T1T


M



M-RXV


]

M($1I=FES:6]N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






M


]

M86QI9VX]












]


]





]


]

M86QI9VX]


M
BXP

M86QI9VX]

@4V%L97





]
T1N=6UP/C(W+C





@4V%L97
\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C@N
S`E/'-P86X^





]
T1N=6UP



C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
0T*



]

M:60]





3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K+!097)C96YT86=E/]T


C4R7S@Q9C9?
M-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S





]

T1)1#!%3T9!0SX-B`@(`@






R
BPY

M=&]P/C(P

M-C

M=&]P/C(P

M

M=&]P/C(P


M=&]P/C(P



M)`R+#8R,PU


C4R7S@Q9C9?-&(W9%\Y9#8Q7V0T
S8Y830S.#4S
0T*



]

M:60]

]



T1T;W`^3&]S


M:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@-C`L



@0V]N=&EN9V5N8WDL($1A;6%G97






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Q
M-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]






M
S$L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



3
\

M86X@-P-@D)
C`Q

]
T1P


M

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y*86X@

]
T1T97AT/DIA;B`S+`T*

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
3=E
F0R-3)?.#%F-E\T8C=D7SED
M-C%?9#0S-CEA-#
X-3





M93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:&5E=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
M

T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H


T0B4VAE970W-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I

T0B
M4VAE970W-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S@N:'1M

M(E-H965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#@U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-BYH

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DT
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E

J=%\Q-V4R9#(U
E\X
68V7S1B-V1?.60V
5]D-#
V.6$T
S@U
S$M+0T*
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        













































men branch
























 2011 through February 17
































588












588








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        








The Company leases railroad lines
 warehouses
 and offices under operating leases. Future minimum lease payments under operating leases with initial or remaining terms of one year or more are as follows:



As of December 31









322
976






298
663






184
909






168
858






168
858






1
476
245






2
620
509







On February 12
 2012
 the Company&#8217;s former Chief Financial Officer alleged that the Company may have violated certain state and federal laws and regulations and upon receipt of such allegations
 the Company's Audit Committee retained counsel to conduct an inquiry into such allegations. On March 27
 2012
 the Company received a letter asserting a claim of wrongful termination in violation of public policy wherein the former Chief Financial Officer claims that he was terminated in retaliation for reporting and/or refusing to participate in such alleged violations. He also claims breach of employment contract and seeks payment of $250
000 plus the issuance of 60
000 shares of common stock in settlement for the claimed damages therein. On July 23
 2012
 the Company was provided a copy of a complaint filed in the Superior Court of California
 County of Orange
 repeating the same allegations contained in the March 27
 2012 letter and also asserting claims for intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress and failure to pay wages due at the time of termination. The Company subsequently filed demurrers to the Complaint that resulted in the plaintiff filing a First Amended Complaint on September 28
 2012 and a Second Amended Complaint on January 7
 2013
 alleging essentially the same claims. The Company's answer to the Second Amended Complaint is due to be filed on March 25
 2013 following the most recent demurrer hearing that was held on March 14
 2013. The Court also held a Case Management Conference on March 14 and set a jury trial in this matter for December 9
 2013 and a Mandatory Settlement Conference for October 18
 2013. 

The Company believes that such allegations and claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend such allegations and claims. The Company will conduct formal discovery
 including the taking of plaintiff's deposition
 and the Company intends to file a motion for summary judgment to be heard prior to the October Mandatory Settlement Conference date. Because the inquiry is in its initial stages
 the Company is not currently able to predict the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome
 or the amount of any possible loss in the event of an unfavorable outcome. Consequently
 no material provision or liability has been recorded for such allegations and claims as of December 31
 2012.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 all of the Company&#8217;s cash balances in bank were maintained within the PRC where no rule or regulation currently in place to provide obligatory insurance for bank deposits in the event of bank failure. However
 the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to such risks on its cash balances in banks.

For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 all of the Company&#8217;s sales were generated in the PRC. In addition
 all accounts receivable as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 were due from customers located in the PRC.

No single customer accounted for greater than 10% of the Company&#8217;s consolidated gross revenue for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 or consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
 2011. Beijing Suning Appliance Co.
 Ltd. accounted for 22.6% of the Company&#8217;s consolidated accounts receivable as of December 31
 2012 while no other single customer accounted for greater than 10% as of December 31
 2011.




        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        

297
042)


        
        

891
830)






        
        


        
        

276
475


        
        

256
832)


Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses
        

251
364)


Interest income
 net
        

478


Other income
 net
        

371


        
        

188
872)


        
        

297
042


        
        

891
830)




        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general
 and administrative expenses attributable to the disposal group
 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items. Includes the following (before income tax): income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a component of the entity (discontinued operation)
 during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





December 31



December 31
















28
552



412
437






288
584



266
983






789
640



469
785






1
506
776





149
205







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







 2013
 Taizihu obtained a bank loan of $722
300 (RMB4
500
000) from Agriculture Development Bank of China Quwo subbranch
 bearing interest at the prime rate based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The term of the loan started from January 4
 2013 with maturity date on January 3
 2014. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its machinery and equipments.


 2013
 the date which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent events requiring recognition as of December 31
 2012 have been incorporated into these consolidated financial statements and there are no subsequent events that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855
 &#8220;Subsequent Events&#8221;.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Basis Of Accounting
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


 its subsidiaries
 and those variable interest entities where the Company is the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition.


 or Renminbi (&#8220;RMB&#8221;); however
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (&#8220;USD&#8221;).


 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange
 we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31 to conform to the fiscal year end of City Zone.


Use Of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Management makes its estimates based on historical experience and various other assumptions and information that are available and believed to be reasonable at the time the estimates are made. Therefore
 actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.


Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand
As a result of the financings associated with the reverse merger
 we had
 as of December 31
 2010
 $125
560 in a trust account. The use of these funds required the written approval of our placement agent and us. The funds in the escrow account were designated for certain expenses
 such as investor relations
 accounting/consulting fees
 SEC fees
 and stock transfer agent fees. This amount was classified as restricted cash under current assets on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2010
As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of restricted cash included: (a) $266
122 of cash was restricted as the pledge for $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) and $264
843 (RMB 1
650
000) of bank loans obtained from China Merchants Bank
 Dongzhimen Branch on November 30
 2011 and January 11
 2012
 respectively
 of which the loan of $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) was paid off on November 29
 2012; (b) $481
533 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $1
284
089 (RMB8
 000
000) obtained from Dah Sing Bank (China) Co. Ltd. on July 18
 2012; (c) $16
051 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $14
446(RMB90
 000) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Subbranch; and (d) $51
642 of cash was restricted as pledges for bank loans of $802
555 (RMB 5
000
000) obtained from Agriculture Development Bank of China on November 3
 2011
 which were paid off on December 7
 2012.


Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        

Accounts receivable are recorded at net realizable value consisting of the carrying amount less allowance for doubtful accounts
 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of accounts receivable greater than three months was not material. As of December 31
 2011
 there were no customers with accounts receivable greater than three months past due.


Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


 2012 and 2011
 slow moving or obsolete inventory identified by management was not material.


        
        


 having the authority to approve the action
 commits to a plan to sell the asset; (b) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (d) the sale of the asset is probable
 and transfer of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale
 within one year
 except as permitted by paragraph ASC 360-10-45-11. The term probable refers to a future sale that is likely to occur; (e) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. The price at which a long-lived asset is being marketed is indicative of whether the entity currently has the intent and ability to sell the asset. A market price that is reasonable in relation to fair value indicates that the asset is available for immediate sale
 whereas a market price in excess of fair value indicates that the asset is not available for immediate sale; and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn.


 but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized (for a write-down to fair value less cost to sell). The loss or gain shall adjust only the carrying amount of a long-lived asset
 whether classified as held for sale individually or as part of a disposal group.


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
Property
 plant
Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions
 renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is included in operations.


        
Construction-in-progress consists of amounts expended for a new factory park construction
 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress is transferred to property
 plant
 and equipment.


Impairment Or Disposal Of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


 Property, Plant, and Equipment which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. There was no impairment of long-lived assets as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


Intangible Assets
 Finite-Lived
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


 an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. The was no impairment of intangible assets as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


Fair Value Of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
FASB ASC 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements&#8221; (formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
Level 2 &#8211; Inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable as of the measurement date
Level 3 &#8211; Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. The fair value for such assets and liabilities is generally determined using pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
This guidance applies to other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. On February 12
 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years
We also analyze all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150
 &#8220;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&#8221;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&#8217;s Own Stock&#8221;). We have determined ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) has no material effect on our financial position or results of operations.


Revenue Recognition
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        

The Company&#8217;s revenue recognition policies are in compliance with the SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 (&#8220;SAB 104&#8221;). The Company recognizes product revenue when the following fundamental criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment.

The Company&#8217;s revenue is recognized net of value-added tax (VAT)
 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other factors known at the time. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 sales discounts from continuing operations were $819
544 and $70

 respectively.

We offer a right of exchange on our grain products sold through our relationships with grocery store networks. The consumer who purchases the product may exchange it for the same kind and quantity of product originally purchased. In accordance with FASB ASC 605-15-25-1 and 605-15-15-2
 these are not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 returns of our products were not material.


Advertising Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        

The Company expenses the cost of advertising as incurred or
 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs from continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
813
049 and $952
472
 respectively.


Research and Development Expense
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company expenses its research and development costs as incurred. Research and development expenses from continuing operations were immaterial for the year ended December 31 2012 and $98
393 for the year ended December 31
 2011.


Compensation Related Costs
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
In December 2004
 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &#8220;Share-Based Payment&#8221;
 which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&#8217;s ASC Topic 718
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation.&#8221; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&#8217;s views regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
The Company has fully adopted the provisions of FASB ASC 718 and related interpretations as provided by SAB 107. As such
 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant.


Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
The Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
Under ASC 740
 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; test
 no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


        
U.S. GAAP requires that recognized revenue
 expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income
 are components of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The unit of RMB is in Yuan. Translation gains are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders&#8217; equity section of the consolidated balance sheet.


Statement Of Cash Flows
 Supplemental Disclosures Policy [Policy Text Block]
In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 230
 &#8220;Statement of Cash Flows
&#8221; cash flows from the Company&#8217;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result
 amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets.


New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
        


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-04) to Fair Value Measurement (ASC Topic 820). In 2006
 the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) published a Memorandum of Understanding
 which has served as the foundation of the Board&#8217;s efforts to a common set of high quality global accounting standards. Consistent with the Memorandum of Understanding and the Board&#8217;s commitment to achieving the goal
 the amendments in this Update are the result of the work by the FASB and the IASB to develop common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-05) to Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220). The amendment require that all nonowner changes in stockholders&#8217; equity be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In the two-statement approach
 the first statement should present total net income and its components followed consecutively by a second statement that should present total other comprehensive income
 the components of other comprehensive income
 and the total of comprehensive income. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-08) to Intangibles&#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). The amendments in the Update permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in Topic 350. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-4. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 then the entity is required to perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss
 if any
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-9. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.


 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-10) to Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (ASC Topic 360). Under the amendments in this Update
 when a parent (reporting entity) ceases to have a controlling financial interest (as described in Subtopic 810-10) in a subsidiary that is in substance real estate as a result of default on the subsidiary&#8217;s nonrecourse debt
 the reporting entity should apply the guidance in Subtopic 360-20 to determine whether it should derecognize the in substance real estate. Generally
 a reporting entity would not satisfy the requirements to derecognize the in substance real estate before the legal transfer of the real estate to the lender and the extinguishment of the related nonrecourse indebtedness. That is
 even if the reporting entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest under Subtopic 810-10
 the reporting entity would continue to include the real estate
 debt
 and the results of the subsidiary&#8217;s operations in its consolidated financial statements until legal title to the real estate is transferred to legally satisfy the debt. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-11) to Balance Sheet (ASC Topic 210) regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. Pursuant to this Update
 entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this Update
 an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &#8220;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#8221; This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position and results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            

 describing the revenue and cost recognition for the capital projects that have not been completed and assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed into service.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Paragraph 4
 9-15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 9
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




 its subsidiaries
 and those variable interest entities where the Company is the primary beneficiary. All significant intercompany account balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Results of operations of companies purchased are included from the dates of acquisition.


 or Renminbi (&#8220;RMB&#8221;); however
 the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated and presented in United States Dollars (&#8220;USD&#8221;).


 2010
 as a result of the consummation of the Share Exchange
 we changed our fiscal year end from May 31 to December 31 to conform to the fiscal year end of City Zone.




 actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions.




 cash in banks and all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.

 we had
 as of December 31
 2010
 $125
560 in a trust account. The use of these funds required the written approval of our placement agent and us. The funds in the escrow account were designated for certain expenses
 such as investor relations
 accounting/consulting fees
 SEC fees
 and stock transfer agent fees. This amount was classified as restricted cash under current assets on our balance sheet as of December 31
 2010
 while the restriction has been released in 2011.


 2012
 the balance of restricted cash included: (a) $266
122 of cash was restricted as the pledge for $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) and $264
843 (RMB 1
650
000) of bank loans obtained from China Merchants Bank
 Dongzhimen Branch on November 30
 2011 and January 11
 2012
 respectively
 of which the loan of $2
142
822 (RMB 13
350
000) was paid off on November 29
 2012; (b) $481
533 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $1
284
089 (RMB8
 000
000) obtained from Dah Sing Bank (China) Co. Ltd. on July 18
 2012; (c) $16
051 of cash was restricted as a pledge for a bank loan of $14
446(RMB90
 000) obtained from Bank of Communications Gongzhufen Subbranch; and (d) $51
642 of cash was restricted as pledges for bank loans of $802
555 (RMB 5
000
000) obtained from Agriculture Development Bank of China on November 3
 2011
 which were paid off on December 7
 2012.





 as needed. We assess the collectability of accounts receivable based primarily upon the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis
 as well as the customer&#8217;s payment history. Management reviews the composition of accounts receivable and analyzes historical bad debts
 customer concentrations
 customer credit worthiness
 current economic trends
 and changes in customer payment patterns to evaluate the adequacy of these reserves. As of December 31
 2012
 the balance of accounts receivable greater than three months was not material. As of December 31
 2011
 there were no customers with accounts receivable greater than three months past due.





 2012 and 2011
 slow moving or obsolete inventory identified by management was not material.




 having the authority to approve the action
 commits to a plan to sell the asset; (b) the asset is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets; (c) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset have been initiated; (d) the sale of the asset is probable
 and transfer of the asset is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale
 within one year
 except as permitted by paragraph ASC 360-10-45-11. The term probable refers to a future sale that is likely to occur; (e) the asset is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value. The price at which a long-lived asset is being marketed is indicative of whether the entity currently has the intent and ability to sell the asset. A market price that is reasonable in relation to fair value indicates that the asset is available for immediate sale
 whereas a market price in excess of fair value indicates that the asset is not available for immediate sale; and (f) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn.


 but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized (for a write-down to fair value less cost to sell). The loss or gain shall adjust only the carrying amount of a long-lived asset
 whether classified as held for sale individually or as part of a disposal group.

Property
 plant
 and equipment


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred; additions
 renewals and betterments are capitalized. When property
 plant
 and equipment are retired or otherwise disposed of
 the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is included in operations.



















































 and the cost of the portion of the land use right that the new factory park occupied. Construction-in-progress is not depreciated until such time as the assets are completed and put into service. Once factory park construction is completed
 the cost accumulated in construction-in-progress is transferred to property
 plant
 and equipment.




 Property, Plant, and Equipment which addresses financial accounting and reporting for the impairment or disposal of long-lived assets. The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used in accordance with ASC 360
 at least on an annual basis. ASC 360 requires the impairment losses to be recorded on long-lived assets used in operations when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets' carrying amounts. In that event
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the long-lived assets. Loss on long-lived assets to be disposed of is determined in a similar manner
 except that fair market values are reduced for the cost of disposal. There was no impairment of long-lived assets as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.




 an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. The carrying amount of the intangible asset is considered not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. The was no impairment of intangible assets as of and for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.




 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements&#8221; (formerly SFAS No. 157) defines fair value for certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value
 and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. It requires that an entity measure its financial instruments to base fair value on exit price
 maximize the use of observable units and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to determine the exit price. It establishes a hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. This hierarchy increases the consistency and comparability of fair value measurements and related disclosures by maximizing the use of observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the assets or liabilities based on market data obtained from sources independent of the Company. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect the Company&#8217;s own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability developed based on the best information available in the circumstances. The hierarchy prioritizes the inputs into three broad levels based on the reliability of the inputs as follows:























 discounted cash flow methodologies





 2008
 the FASB finalized FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. 157-2
 Effective Date of FASB Statement No. 157 (ASC 820). This Staff Position delays the effective date of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) for nonfinancial assets and liabilities to fiscal years beginning after November 15
 2008 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 except for those items that are recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis (at least annually). The adoption of SFAS No. 157 (ASC 820) had no effect on the Company's financial position or results of operations.


 &#8220;Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Both Liabilities and Equity&#8221;) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19
 &#8220;Accounting for Derivative Financial Instruments Indexed to
 and Potentially Settled in
 a Company&#8217;s Own Stock&#8221;). We have determined ASC 480-10 (formerly SFAS 150) and ASC 815-40 (formerly EITF 00-19) has no material effect on our financial position or results of operations.




 (ii) delivery has occurred
 (iii) our price to the customer is fixed or determinable and (iv) collection of the resulting accounts receivable is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue for product sales upon transfer of title to the customer. Customer purchase orders and/or contracts are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. Shipping documents and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements
 when applicable
 are used to verify product delivery or that services have been rendered. The Company assesses whether a price is fixed or determinable based upon the payment terms associated with the transaction and whether the sales price is subject to refund or adjustment.


 reductions to revenue for estimated product returns
 and sales discounts based on volume achieved in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. The estimates are based on historical sales returns
 analysis of credit memo data
 and other factors known at the time. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 sales discounts from continuing operations were $819
544 and $70

 respectively.


 these are not considered returns for revenue recognition purposes. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 returns of our products were not material.




 as appropriate
 the first time the advertising takes place. Advertising costs from continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 were $1
813
049 and $952
472
 respectively.




393 for the year ended December 31
 2011.




 the Financial Accounting Standard Board
 or the FASB
 issued the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
 or SFAS
 No. 123(R)
 &#8220;Share-Based Payment&#8221;
 which replaces SFAS No. 123 and supersedes APB Opinion No. 25. SFAS No. 123(R) is now included in the FASB&#8217;s ASC Topic 718
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation.&#8221; Under SFAS No. 123(R)
 companies are required to measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees or independent contractors are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options and warrants
 restricted share plans
 performance-based awards
 share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. In March 2005
 the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107
 or SAB 107
 which expresses views of the staff regarding the interaction between SFAS No. 123(R) and certain SEC rules and regulations and provides the staff&#8217;s views regarding the valuation of share-based payment arrangements for public companies. SFAS No. 123(R) permits public companies to adopt its requirements using one of two methods. On April 14
 2005
 the SEC adopted a new rule amending the compliance dates for SFAS No. 123(R). Companies may elect to apply this statement either prospectively
 or on a modified version of retrospective application under which financial statements for prior periods are adjusted on a basis consistent with the pro forma disclosures required for those periods under SFAS No. 123.


 compensation cost is measured on the date of grant as the fair value of the share-based payments. Such compensation amounts
 if any
 are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant.




 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; ASC 740 requires a company to use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes
 whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences
 and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when
 in the opinion of management
 it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all of
 the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of enactment.


 a tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the tax position would be sustained in a tax examination
 with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; test
 no tax benefit is recorded. The adoption had no effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.




 expenses
 gains
 and losses be included in net income. Certain statements
 however
 require entities to report specific changes in assets and liabilities
 such as gain or loss on foreign currency translation
 as a separate component of the equity section of the balance sheet. Such items
 along with net income
 are components of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the Company is RMB. The unit of RMB is in Yuan. Translation gains are classified as an item of other comprehensive income in the stockholders&#8217; equity section of the consolidated balance sheet.




 &#8220;Statement of Cash Flows
&#8221; cash flows from the Company&#8217;s operations are calculated based upon the local currencies. As a result
 amounts related to assets and liabilities reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets.




 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-04) to Fair Value Measurement (ASC Topic 820). In 2006
 the FASB and the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) published a Memorandum of Understanding
 which has served as the foundation of the Board&#8217;s efforts to a common set of high quality global accounting standards. Consistent with the Memorandum of Understanding and the Board&#8217;s commitment to achieving the goal
 the amendments in this Update are the result of the work by the FASB and the IASB to develop common requirements for measuring fair value and for disclosing information about fair value measurements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-05) to Comprehensive Income (ASC Topic 220). The amendment require that all non-owner changes in stockholders&#8217; equity be presented either in a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. In the two-statement approach
 the first statement should present total net income and its components followed consecutively by a second statement that should present total other comprehensive income
 the components of other comprehensive income
 and the total of comprehensive income. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2011-08) to Intangibles&#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). The amendments in the Update permit an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test described in Topic 350. If
 after assessing the totality of events or circumstances
 an entity determines it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 then performing the two-step impairment test is unnecessary. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-4. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 then the entity is required to perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of the impairment loss
 if any
 as described in paragraph 350-20-35-9. The Company had adopted this guidance to our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31
 2011.


 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-10) to Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (ASC Topic 360). Under the amendments in this Update
 when a parent (reporting entity) ceases to have a controlling financial interest (as described in Subtopic 810-10) in a subsidiary that is in substance real estate as a result of default on the subsidiary&#8217;s nonrecourse debt
 the reporting entity should apply the guidance in Subtopic 360-20 to determine whether it should derecognize the in substance real estate. Generally
 a reporting entity would not satisfy the requirements to derecognize the in substance real estate before the legal transfer of the real estate to the lender and the extinguishment of the related nonrecourse indebtedness. That is
 even if the reporting entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest under Subtopic 810-10
 the reporting entity would continue to include the real estate
 debt
 and the results of the subsidiary&#8217;s operations in its consolidated financial statements until legal title to the real estate is transferred to legally satisfy the debt. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an Update (ASU No. 2011-11) to Balance Sheet (ASC Topic 210) regarding disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. Pursuant to this Update
 entities are required to disclose both gross information and net information about both instruments and transactions eligible for offset in the statement of financial position and instruments and transactions subject to an agreement similar to a master netting arrangement. This scope would include derivatives
 sale and repurchase agreements and reverse sale and repurchase agreements
 and securities borrowing and securities lending arrangements. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 FASB issued an amendment (ASU No. 2012-02) to Intangibles&#8211;Goodwill and Other (ASC Topic 350). In accordance with the amendments in this Update
 an entity has the option first to assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. If
 after assessing the totality of events and circumstances
 an entity concludes that it is not more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired
 then the entity is not required to take further action. However
 if an entity concludes otherwise
 then it is required to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying amount in accordance with Subtopic 350-30. An entity also has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. An entity will be able to resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. The amendments are effective for annual and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15
 2012
 with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this guidance had no impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations.


 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02
 &#8220;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#8221; This ASU does not change the current requirements for reporting net income or other comprehensive income in financial statements. However
 this guidance requires an entity to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by component. In addition
 an entity is required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income by the respective line items of net income but only if the amount reclassified is required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For other amounts that are not required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 an entity is required to cross-reference to other disclosures required under U.S. GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. For public entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2012. For nonpublic entities
 the guidance is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position and results of operations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


        
        













































 July 27




283




























 March 11
































 August 20


































 August 20

































 November 30




637





























 April 22




492





























 May 30




025





























 March 17




019





























 June 21




544





























 July 25




563





























 July 27




208





























 September 2




636




























 October 10




152






























 June 13

































 June 2

































 June 13




493





























 April 25




202





























 November 25




515












 2012 through a business acquisition. They are within consolidation scope since then.


 2012
) with registered capital of RMB 20 million Yuan
 was incorporated in Jilin Province
 one of the three provinces of Northeast China. Detian Yu
 one of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries and Feng Liu
 an unrelated third party hold 99% and 1% of its interests
 respectively. Jinglong is primarily engaged in procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.


 Longyue
 Deyufarm
 Haoliangxin
 Xinggu Deyufarm
 (collectively
 the &#8220;VIE Group&#8221;) on December 20
 2011. The operation results of the VIE Group are included in the consolidated financial statements from January 1 to December 20
 2011.




        
          

        
          
            

 majority-owned subsidiaries and variable entities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

154
273


Number of Warrants
 Granted
        


Number of Warrants
 Forfeited
        


Number of Warrants
 Exercised
        


        

154
273



          

        


        

362


Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price
        


        
        



          

        


        

911


Outstanding Warrants
 Exercise Price
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of warrants and rights outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Forfeited
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
December 31
13
158
9
808
1
059
1
032
(828
(189
13
389
10
651
844




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2011

          



 2011

          







 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2009

          



 2010



          



 2009

          



 2009

          



 2009

          



 2011

          



 2010



          



 2011

          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2011



          



 2011





          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2012



          



Noncash or Part Noncash Acquisition
 Noncash Financial or Equity Instrument Consideration
 Shares Issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

736
932
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Variable Interest Entity
 Qualitative or Quantitative Information
 Ownership Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

502
181

705
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Capital Injection In Exchange For Equity Interest
 Transaction One
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

800
505

971
218
        
        
        
        
        


Capital Injection In Exchange For Equity Interest
 Transaction Two
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

495

782
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Cost of Acquired Entity
 Cash Paid
        
        
        
        

502
181

705
000
        
        

342
168

773
222

522
409

602
594

759

170
628
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

845

158
556
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

637

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

688
635

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

493
516

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


 2012






 2012






 2012






 2012






 2012






 2012






 2012


 Seven [Member]

          



 2012


 Seven [Member]

          



 2012






 2011






 2011






 2011

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Basis for Effective Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate at Period End
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        

511

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

128

000
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

937
279

741
703


        

348

850
999


Accounts receivable
 net

991
288

167
136


        

214

108


        

322
191

314
090


        

145
840

233
371


        

453
184

537


        
        

634
274


        

456

204
934


        

402
800

125
152


Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

442
599

355
946


        

614
491
        


        

426
        


        
        

535


Intangible assets
 net

389
075

651
844


        

907
391

860
477


        
        
        


        

323
623

413
480


        

179
729

833
190


        
        

588
840


        

249
282

488
272


        

506
776

149
205


        

712
        


        

171

721


        

933
843

445
115


        

862

196


        

448
998

721
019


        
        
        


Series A convertible preferred stock
 $.001 par value
 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
039
970 and 1
997
467 shares outstanding
 respectively

040

997


Common stock
 $.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized
 10
658
266 and 10
564
774 shares outstanding
 respectively

658

565


        

781
439

367
138


        

737
793

831
353


        

500
134

491
465


        

032
064

702
518


        

329

940


        

458
393

139
458


        

907
391

860
477




        
          

        
          
            

 for rental to others
 or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived assets under construction that include construction costs to date on capital projects that have not been completed and assets being constructed that are not ready to be placed into service.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash equivalents and investments that are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. Includes current cash equivalents and investments that are similarly restricted as to withdrawal
 usage or disposal.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not elsewhere enumerated in the taxonomy
 with a maturity within one year (or within one operating cycle if longer) from the date of borrowing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The provision for income taxes from continuing operations on income consists of the following for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:











December 31






































86
768










86
768











































878
74



(1
112
658










1
297
042







1
765
514




184
384




        
The following is a reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate of the continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:











December 31







































































































        
Significant components of the Company&#8217;s net deferred tax assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are presented in the following table:





December 31



December 31



























3
430
118



2
255
365






391
339



351
203






88
208










3
909
665



2
606
568






(3
909
665



(1
813
056



Total deferred tax assets
 net






793
512







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought

000 plus the issuance of 60
000 shares of common stock


Loss Contingency
 Damages Sought
 Value

000


        

000




        
          

        
          
            

 the plaintiff seeks in the legal matter.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include an unspecified amount of money.
              
 -Paragraph 9
 10
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

008
670

335
442


        
        

790
575


        
        
        


        

297
082

297


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

853

702


        

748

721


        
        

420


        

400

000


        

079)
        


        

746

384


        

599)

673)


        
        
        


        

649
036

824
017)


        

755

752)


        

383
187)

873
705)


        

987
857

840
601)


        

331)

339)


        
        
        


        

967
217

584
038


        

471
286)

677
638


        

336

492


        

554
795

774
378)


        
        

858
325)


        

554
795

632
703)


        
        
        


        

501
046)
        


        

487)

856)


        

383)

759
859)


        

294)
        


        

272
        


        
        

995)


        
        

715)


        
        

902)


        

542
938)

032
327)


        
        

476
523)


        

542
938)

508
850)


        
        
        


        

658
509)

349
219


        

585
087)

547
269


        

281
894

802
568)


        

312
931

101
839


        

721)

678)


        

702

180


        
        

560


        
        
        


        

884
790)

542
773


        
        

918
988


        

884
790)

461
761


        

509

429


        

804
424)

672
637


        
        

208)


        

804
424)

075
845


CASH &amp; CASH EQUIVALENTS
 BEGINNING BALANCE

741
703

665
858


CASH &amp; CASH EQUIVALENTS
 ENDING BALANCE

937
279

741
703


        
        
        


        

420
        


        

815
269

448


        
        
        


Construction completed and transferred to property
 plant
 and equipment
        

914
602


        
        

320
904


        
        

221
569




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment under non-cash investing and financing activities during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excessive quantities based on expected sales
 technological obsolescence
 and shrinkage. May also provide for estimated product returns or price concessions pertaining to product cost
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 not to be sold
 leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization and other assets during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element represents the amount of gain recognized by the entity.
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash that was held by the acquired business).
              
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in financing activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in investing activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is an indication that the cash flows of the entity which are detailed in reconciling to cash provided by or used in operating activities reflect only cash flows attributable to continuing operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items after deduction or consideration of the amount allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 investing
 and financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding cash flows derived by the entity from its discontinued operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 generally out of earnings.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the offset which is generally to the allowance for doubtful accounts for the purpose of reducing receivables
 including notes receivable
 to an amount that approximates their net realizable value (the amount expected to be collected).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK (Details Textual) (Accounts Receivable [Member]
 Beijing Suning Appliance Company Ltd Member [Member])

        

      







          

        


Concentration Risk
 Percentage
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      






 2012

          



 2012

          



Business Acquisition
 Effective Date of Acquisition

        02
         2012
        
        


Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired
        
        
        


        
        

502
181

705
000




        
          

        
          
            

 fair value of debt and equity securities issued to shareholders of acquired entities
 the fair value of the liabilities assumed
 and direct costs of the acquisition.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






5
502
181




















28
867






240
474






1
373
222






840
849






584
562



Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net


5
891
772






1
673
997



Intangible assets
 net


2
823
087






117
153






(6
499
683






(319
077






(225
819






(528
144






6
001
260













(499
079





Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block]
These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations which actually would have resulted had the significant acquisitions occurred as of January 1
 2011 and 2012
 nor is it indicative of future operating results.











December&#160;31

























255

893



274
689
101






16

670



22
353
298






























        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph r(2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT (Details Textual)

        
        
        

      


 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Exchanged
        
        
        

700
000

800
000


        

890
960

853
        
        
        


        

600
000
        

000
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment exchanged.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




rate for the Company for years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was 34%. No tax benefit has been realized since a 100% valuation allowance has offset deferred tax asset resulting from the net operatin




City Zone
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated in the BVI and
 under the current laws of the BVI
 is not subject to income taxes.



Most Smart
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 is incorporated in Hong Kong. Most Smart is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted in Hong Kong and income arising in or derived from Hong Kong. No provision for income taxes have been made as Most Smart has no taxable income in Hong Kong.



Under the Enterprise Income Tax (&#8220;EIT&#8221;) Law of the PRC
 the standard EIT rate is 25%. The PRC subsidiaries of the Company are subject to PRC income taxes on an entity basis on income arising in or derived from the tax jurisdiction in which they operate. According to the Tax Pronouncement [2008] No. 149 issued by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
 the preliminary processing industry of agricultural products is entitled to EIT exemption starting January 1
 2008. Three of the Company&#8217;s wholly-owned subsidiaries located in the Shanxi Province
 China
 including Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang
 are subject to the EIT exemption. All other subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities are subject to the 25% EIT rate.

The provision for income taxes from continuing operations on income consists of the following for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:











December 31






































86
768










86
768











































878
74



(1
112
658










1
297
042







1
765
514




184
384




The following is a reconciliation of the statutory tax rate to the effective tax rate of the continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:











December 31






































































































Significant components of the Company&#8217;s net deferred tax assets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are presented in the following table:





December 31



December 31



























3
430
118



2
255
365






391
339



351
203






88
208










3
909
665



2
606
568






(3
909
665



(1
813
056



Total deferred tax assets
 net






793
512




As of December 31
 2012
 the Company accrued 100% valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets based on the change of assessment on the probability of future reversion.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule Of Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Table Text Block]
        





December 31



December 31
















33

165



36
167
136






(4
87







Accounts receivable
 net


33

288



36
167
136







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



On April 27
 2010
 we completed the acquisition of City Zone by means of a Share Exchange with (i) City Zone
 (ii) City Zone&#8217;s shareholders and (iii) our principal stockholders (see NOTE 1). Pursuant to the terms of the Share Exchange
 Expert Venture and the other City Zone shareholders transferred to us all of the shares of City Zone in exchange for the issuance of 8
736
932 shares of our common stock so that Expert Venture and the other minority shareholders of City Zone shall own at least a majority of our outstanding shares.



As a result of the Share Exchange
 we acquired 100% of the equity interests of City Zone
 the business and operations of which now constitute our primary business and operations through its wholly-owned PRC subsidiaries. Specifically
 as a result of the Share Exchange:





We issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock to the City Zone Shareholders;

















Immediately after the Share Exchange
 we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the &#8220;Purchase Agreement&#8221;) with certain accredited investors (the &#8220;Investors&#8221;) for the issuance and sale in a private placement of 1
866
174 Units at $4.40 per Unit
 with each &#8220;Unit&#8221; consisting of one share of Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &#8220;Investor Shares&#8221;) and a warrant to purchase 0.4 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of $5.06 per share (the &#8220;Warrants&#8221;). We initially received gross proceeds from the sale of the 1
866
174 Investor Shares and Warrants to purchase up to 746
479 shares of our common stock of $8
211
166 (the &#8220;Private Placement&#8221;).

In connection with the Private Placement
 we also entered into a registration rights agreement (the &#8220;Registration Rights Agreement&#8221;) with the Investors
 in which we agreed to file a registration statement (the &#8220;Registration Statement&#8221;) with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &#8220;SEC&#8221;) to register for resale the Investor Shares
 within 60 calendar days of April 27
 2010
 and use our best efforts to have the Registration Statement declared effective within 180 calendar days of April 27
 2010. We agreed to pay monthly liquidated damages in cash to each Investor equal to 0.5% of the dollar amount of the purchase price of the Investor Shares
 on a pro rata basis
 for each 30 day period the Registration Statement is not declared effective
 up to a maximum of 8% of the purchase price
 however on October 21
 2010
 the SEC declared the Registration Statement effective and no liquidated damages were incurred.
In connection with the Private Placement
 Maxim Group
 LLC acted as our financial advisor and placement agent (the &#8220;Placement Agent&#8221;). The Placement Agent received a cash fee equal to 7% of the gross proceeds of the Private Placement. Maxim also received warrants to purchase 171
911 shares of our common stock at a price per share of $4.84 (the &#8220;Placement Agent Warrants&#8221;). Pursuant to the original placement agreement entered into by and between Detian Yu and the Placement Agent on January 27
 2010 (the &#8220;Original Placement Agreement&#8221;)
 we engaged the Placement Agent to act as the exclusive agent to sell the Units in this offering on a &#8220;commercially reasonable efforts basis.&#8221; The Placement Agent also received a cash corporate finance fee equally to 1% of our gross proceeds raised in the offering
 payable at the time of each closing; five (5) year warrants to purchase that number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock equal to 5% of the aggregate number of shares of Series A convertible preferred stock underlying the Units issued pursuant to the offering; and a non-refundable cash retainer of $25
000 payable upon the execution of the retainer agreement. We also agreed to pay for all of the reasonable expenses the Placement Agent incurred in connection with the offering.

On May 10
 2010
 we closed on the second and final round of the private placement offering for the issuance and sale of 589
689 Units
 consisting of 589
689 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock and 235
883 five-year Series A Warrants with an exercise price of $5.06 per share
 to certain Investors for total gross proceeds of $2
594
607.

We raised an aggregate amount of $10
805
750 in the offering in two closing events. As of the final closing
 we had 9
999
999 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. In connection with the offering
 we issued a total of 2
455
863 shares of Series A convertible preferred shares and 982
362 Series A Warrants to the investors. Additionally
 the Placement Agent received 171
911 warrants.




As of the final closing of the Private Placement
 we had 9
999

 2012

267 shares of Series A convertible preferred stock were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock and an aggregate of 120
000 shares of common stock were issued. As of December 31
 2012
 the total number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding was 10
658
266 shares.




Holders of Series A convertible preferred stock (&#8220;Series A Preferred&#8221;) are entitled to receive
 cumulative dividends in preference to the holders of our common stock at an annual rate of 5% of the applicable per Series A Preferred original purchase price (the &#8220;Dividend Preference&#8221; and the &#8220;Dividends&#8221;). If
 after the Dividend Preference has been fully paid or declared and set apart
 the Company shall make any additional distributions
 then the holders of Series A Preferred shall participate with the holders of common stock on an as-converted basis with respect to such distributions. Dividends are payable in cash or shares of Series A Preferred
 at the Company&#8217;s option.

Upon any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Company
 the holders of Series A Preferred will be entitled to receive
 out of the assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders
 an amount equal to $4.40 per share (the &#8220;Liquidation Preference Amount&#8221;)
 before any payment shall be made or any assets distributed to the holders of the common stock (the &#8220;Liquidation Preference&#8221;).

Each holder of Series A Preferred will have the right
 at the option of the holder at any time on or after the issuance of the Series A Preferred
 without the payment of additional consideration
 to convert the Series A Preferred into a number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock equal to: (i) the Liquidation Preference Amount of such share divided by (ii) the Conversion Price in effect as of the date of the conversion in accordance with the Certificate of Designations of the Series A Preferred.

For a period of two (2) years following the issuance of the Series A Preferred
 the conversion price of Series A Preferred subject to adjustment for issuances of common stock (or securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of common stock) at a purchase price less than the conversion price of the Series A Preferred. The Series A Preferred Stock does not contain any repurchase or redemption rights.
Current accounting standards require that we evaluate the terms and conditions of convertible preferred stock to determine (i) if the nature of the hybrid financial instrument
 based upon its economic risks
 is more akin to an equity contract or a debt contract for purposes of establishing classification of the embedded conversion feature and (ii) the classification of the host or hybrid financial instrument. Based upon a review of the terms and conditions of the Series A Preferred
 the Company has concluded that the financial instrument is more akin to an equity financial instrument. The major consideration underlying this conclusion is that the Series A Preferred is a perpetual financial instrument with no stated maturity or redemption date
 or other redemption that is not within the Company&#8217;s control. Other considerations in support of the equity conclusion included the voting rights and conversion feature into common shares. While the cumulative dividend feature may
 in some instances
 be likened to a debt-type coupon
 the absence of a stated maturity date was determined to establish the cumulative dividend as a residual return
 which does not obviate the equity nature of the financial instrument. Further
 there are no cash redemption features that are not within the control of our management. As a result
 classification in stockholders&#8217; equity is appropriate for the Series A Preferred.

As of December 31
 2012
 an aggregate of 538
267 shares of Series A Preferred were converted into 538
267 shares of common stock. On July 29
 2011 and July 26
 2012
 66
379 and 55
995 shares of Series A Preferred were issued as dividends to the shareholders of Series A Preferred
 respectively. As of December 31
 2012
 the total number of shares of Series A Preferred issued and outstanding was 2
039
970 shares.

For the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company recorded $446
748 and $427
917 preferred dividend expenses
 respectively.



The warrants issued to the Investors and the Placement Agent have strike prices of $5.06 and $4.84
 respectively
 and expire in five (5) years. The strike prices are subject to adjustment only for changes in our capital structure
 but allow for cashless exercise under a formula that limits the aggregate issuable common shares. There are no redemption features embodied in the warrants and they have met the conditions provided in current accounting standards for equity classification.

There were 982
362 Series A Warrants sold together with the Series A Preferred to the Investors
 each of which:















are exercisable
 in whole or in part
 at an exercise price of $5.06 per share of common stock; and




are exercisable only for cash (except that there will be a cashless exercise option if
 after twelve months from the Issue Date
 (i) the Per Share Market Value of one share of common stock is greater than the Warrant Price (at the date of calculation) and (ii) a registration statement under the Securities Act providing for the resale of the common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrant Shares is not in effect
 in lieu of exercising the Series A Warrant by payment of cash).



Aggregate gross proceeds from the two closing events amounted to $10
805
750. Direct financing costs totaled $1
742
993 of which $1
555
627 was paid in cash and the balance of $187
366 represents the fair value of warrants linked to 171
911 shares of our common stock that were issued to the Placement Agent. The proceeds and the related direct financing costs were allocated to the Series A Preferred and the warrants (classified in paid-in capital) based upon their relative fair values. The following table summarizes the components of the allocation:










































10
248
092



1
039
978



11
288
070





















9
810
227



995
523



10
805
750






(1
581
550



(161
443



(1
742
993










187
366



187
366






8
228
677



1
021
446



9
250
123






Our accounting for the sale of Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants
 and the issuance of the Placement Agent Warrants to the Placement Agent required the estimation of fair values of the financial instruments on the financing inception date. The development of fair values of financial instruments requires the selection of appropriate methodologies and the estimation of often subjective assumptions. We selected the valuation techniques based upon consideration of the types of assumptions that market participants would likely consider in exchanging the financial instruments in market transactions. The Series A Preferred was valued based upon a common stock equivalent method
 enhanced by the cumulative dividend feature. The dividend feature was valued as the estimated cash flows of the dividends discounted to present value using an estimated weighted average cost of capital. The warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes-Merton Valuation Technique because it embodies all of the requisite assumptions (including trading volatility
 estimated terms and risk free rates) necessary to fair value these instruments.

These fair values were necessary to develop relative fair value calculation for allocations of certain elements of the financing arrangement
 principally proceeds and the related direct financing costs. The following tables reflect assumptions used to determine the fair value of the Series A Preferred:
































April 27



May 10























1
866
174



589
689








































6
631
403



2
083
094










659
821



209
439










7
291
224



2
292
533























































































Level 1 inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
 or derived there from. There were no level 1 inputs.
























Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market price was indicative of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the common stock price value was derived implicitly from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&#8217;s length transaction. The Private Placement was composed of shares of Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants which were both indexed to our common stock; accordingly
 we used an iterative process to determine the value of our common stock in order for the fair value of the Series A Preferred and Series A Warrants to equal the amount of consideration received in the Private Placement.









WACC- The rates utilized to discount the cumulative dividend cash flows to their present values were based on a weighted average cost of capital of 18.94% and 18.60%
 as of April 27
 2010 and May 10
 2010
 respectively. This discount rate was determined after consideration of the rate of return on debt capital and equity that typical investors would require in an investment in companies similar in size and operating in similar markets as Deyu Agriculture Corporation. The cost of equity was determined using a build-up method which begins with a risk free rate and adds expected risk premiums designed to reflect the additional risk of the investment. Additional premiums or discounts related specifically to us and the industry are also added or subtracted to arrive at the final cost of equity rate. The cost of debt was determined based upon available financing terms.


















April 27
 2010


May 10
 2010
































































746
479



130
632



235
883



41
279

































































































































































































Expected volatility- We did not have a historical trading history sufficient to develop an internal volatility rate for use in the model. As a result
 we have used a peer approach wherein the historical trading volatilities of certain companies with similar characteristics as ours and who had a sufficient trading history were used as an estimate of our volatility. In developing this model
 no one company was weighted more heavily.



















Stock price- Given that management did not believe our trading market price was indicative of the fair value of our common stock at the measurement date
 the stock price was determined implicitly from an iterative process based upon the assumption that the consideration of the Private Placement was the result of an arm&#8217;s length transaction.




Remaining term- We do not have a history to develop the expected term for our warrants. Accordingly
 we have used the contractual remaining term in our calculations.




The following is a summary of the status and activity of warrants outstanding as of December 31
 2012:




















982
362










171
911










1
154
273














Outstanding as of January 1
 2012


1
154
273
























Outstanding as of December 31
 2012


1
154
273







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


 2012



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        

667

000


        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000

000
        
        
        


        

886

000
000
        
        
        


        

878
579

000
000
        
        
        


        

886
        
        
        
        


Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Amortization Expense

122
        

444
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that have been pledged as collateral for borrowings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as a result of transferred to construction in progress during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation Of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        


Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block]
        


 formerly known as Eco Building International
 Inc.
 was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 23
 2008. We completed the acquisition of City Zone Holdings Limited (&#8220;City Zone&#8221;)
 an agricultural products distributor in the Shanxi Province of the People&#8217;s Republic of China (the &#8220;PRC&#8221;) engaged in procuring
 processing
 marketing
 and distributing various grain and corn products
 by means of a share exchange effective April 27
 2010. As a result of the share exchange
 City Zone became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We currently conduct our business primarily through operating PRC subsidiaries
 including Jinzhong Deyu Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Jinzhong Deyu&#8221;)
 Jinzhong Yuliang Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Jinzhong Yuliang&#8221;)
 Jinzhong Yongcheng Agriculture Trading Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Jinzhong Yongcheng&#8221;)
 Shanxi Taizihu Food Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Taizihu&#8221;)
 Shanxi Huichun Bean Products Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Huichun&#8221; and together with Taizihu
 the &#8220;Taizihu Group&#8221;
 see Note 20) and Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Detian Yu&#8221;) and Detian Yu&#8217;s subsidiaries.


 2010
 our Board of Directors adopted a resolution to change our name to Deyu Agriculture Corp. and FINRA declared the name change effective on June 2
 2010.




 2010
 we entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (&#8220;Share Exchange&#8221;) pursuant to which we issued 8
736
932 shares of our common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 to Expert Venture Limited (&#8220;Expert Venture&#8221;)
 a company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
 and the other shareholders of City Zone (the &#8220;City Zone Shareholders&#8221;). As a result of the Share Exchange
 City Zone became our wholly-owned subsidiary and City Zone Shareholders acquired a majority of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Concurrent with the Share Exchange
 Mr. Jianming Hao (&#8220;Mr. Hao&#8221;)
 the managing director of City Zone and all of its operating subsidiaries
 was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer.

 the Share Exchange has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition using the purchase method of accounting
 whereby City Zone is deemed to be the accounting acquirer (the legal acquiree) and we are to be the accounting acquiree (legal acquirer). The financial statements before the date of the Share Exchange are those of City Zone with our results being consolidated from the date of the Share Exchange. The equity section and earnings per share have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse acquisition and no goodwill has been recorded.

 2009 under the BVI Business Companies Act of 2004. In November 2009
 pursuant to the restructuring plan set out below
 City Zone became the holding company of a group of companies comprising Most Smart International Limited (Most Smart)
 Redsun Technology (Shenzhen) Co. Limited (&#8220;Shenzhen Redsun&#8221;)
 Shenzhen JiRuHai Technology Co.
 Ltd.(Shenzhen JiRuHai)
 Detian Yu
 Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang.




 pursuant to a restructuring plan (&#8220;Restructuring&#8221;) intended to ensure compliance with PRC rules and regulations
 City Zone
 through a series of acquisitions and wholly-owned subsidiaries
 acquired 100% of the equity interests in Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzheng Yuliang
 and Jinzhong Yongcheng. The former shareholders and key management of Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng
 and Jinzhong Yuliang became the ultimate controlling parties and key management of City Zone. This restructuring exercise has been accounted for as a recapitalization of Jinzhong Deyu
 Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang with no adjustment to the historical basis of the assets and liabilities of these companies
 while the historical financial positions and results of operations are consolidated as if the restructuring occurred as of the beginning of the earliest period presented in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. For the purpose of a consistent and comparable presentation
 the consolidated financial statements have been prepared as if City Zone had been in existence since the beginning of the earliest and throughout the whole periods covered by these consolidated financial statements.




 2010
 Detian Yu entered into a series of contractual arrangements (the &#8220;Contractual Arrangements&#8221;) with each of Beijing Jundaqianyuan Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Junda&#8221;)
 Jinzhong Longyue Investment Consultancy Services Co.
 Ltd. (&#8220;Longyue&#8221;) and their shareholders
 pursuant to which Detian Yu effectively took over management of the business activities of Junda and Longyue.


 2010 with registered capital of $14
637 (RMB 100
000) by Jianming Hao
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 and Wenjun Tian
 President and Director of the Company. As of December 31
 2010
 Junda&#8217;s equity interest was 100% held by several executives and managers of the Company
 including (a) Jianming Hao
 owning 33% of Junda
 (b) Wenjun Tian
 owning 34% of Junda
 (c) Jianbin Zhou
 the Chief Operating Officer of the Company
 owning 10% of Junda
 (d) Li Ren
 Vice President of Branding and Marketing of the Company
 owning 5% of Junda
 (e) Yongqing Ren
 Vice President of the Corn Division of the Company
 owning 3% of Junda and (f) Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Grains Division of the Company
 owning 3% of Junda. As a result
 the execution of the Contractual Arrangements with Junda is considered a related party transaction.


 including:















 through which Detian Yu provided business cooperation opportunities and services including clients
 cooperation partners and market information in the fields of grain processing









 through which Detian Yu had exclusive authority of all decision-making of ongoing operations
 including establishing compensation levels and hiring and firing of key personnel. In order to ensure the normal operations of Junda and Longyue









 through which the shareholders of Junda and Longyue agreed to pledge all of their respective equity interests in Junda or Longyue (as the case may be) as security for the performance of all of the obligations or debts under the Exclusive Management and Consulting Service Agreements and Business Cooperation Agreements assumed by Junda and Longyue









 signed by each of the shareholders of Junda and Longyue









 through which the shareholders of Junda and Longyue granted Detian Yu an irrevocable and unconditional right to purchase
 or cause a designated party of Detian Yu to purchase
 part or all of the equity interests in Junda and Longyue from such shareholders
 when and to the extent that
 applicable PRC laws permit. The consideration for the equity acquisition option for Junda was RMB 80
000
000 and the consideration for the equity option for Longyue was RMB 120
000





 2011
 Deyufarm received a capital injection of $3
800
505 (RMB 24
971
218) from SBCVC Fund III Company Limited (SBCVC)
 a company organized under the laws of Hong Kong
 in exchange for 35.69% of Deyufarm's equity interest pursuant to the two Investment and Relevant Issues Agreements entered into by each of Junda and Longyue with Deyufarm and SBCVC on September 15
 2010. According to the Investment and Relevant Issues Agreements
 SBCVC shall have invested an equivalent of RMB 25
000
000 of US dollars to Deyufarm. Before or in the meantime that SBCVC completes such investment to Deyufarm
 Longyue shall have invested RMB 35
000
000 to Deyufarm through a capital increase and obtained the relevant capital verification report. Any time within 2 years after completing an investment to Deyufarm
 SBCVC had the right to require Deyufarm to repurchase in advance
 or Junda or Longyue to purchase part of or all the equity interests of Deyufarm owned by SBCVC. The board of directors of Deyufarm shall have been comprised of 3 directors
 and Junda
 Longyue and SBCVC shall have each nominated one director. The board of directors shall have nominated a financial administrator agreed to by SBCVC. Forty-eight (48) months after SBCVC completed its investment in Deyufarm
 the parties shall have consummated a qualified IPO of Deyufarm.


 2011
 Deyufarm received an additional capital injection of $4
495 (RMB 28
782) from SBCVC for 0.02% of Deyufarm's equity interest.


 SBCVC
 Junda and Longyue owned 35.71%
 14.29% and 50% of the equity interests in Deyufarm
 respectively. The total registered capital of Deyufarm increased from $6
688
635 (RMB 45
000
000) to $10
493
516 (RMB 70
000
000).


 2011
 Detian Yu entered into a series of termination agreements (collectively
 the &#8220;Termination Agreements&#8221;) with each of Junda
 Longyue and their shareholders
 pursuant to which Detian Yu gave up the control management of the business activities of Junda and Longyue. According to the Termination Agreements
 each side agreed to terminate the Contractual Arrangements entered into on November 16
 2010.




 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a company organized under the laws of PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 entered into a Stock Equity Transfer Agreement (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) whereby Shenzhen Redsun acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of the Taizihu Group. In consideration for the acquisition of Taizihu Group
 Shenzhen Redsun paid $2
342
168 (RMB 14
773
222) in cash to Mr. Hao He
 an individual
 for 50% of Taizihu
 $1
522
409 (RMB 9
602
594) in cash to Mr. Qinghe Xu
 an individual
 for 32.5% of Taizihu and $819
759 (RMB5
170
628) in cash to Mr. Jinqing Xie
 an individual
 for the remaining 17.5% of Taizihu. Immediately prior to the execution of the Agreement
 Taizihu owned 85% of the issued and outstanding registered share capital of Huichun
 and pursuant to the terms of the Agreement
 Shenzhen Redsun acquired the remaining 15% of the share capital of Huichun from Beijing Kanggang Food Development Co.
 Ltd. for $817
845 (RMB 5
158
556). The total amount of the consideration paid for the acquisition of the Taizihu Group was $5
502
181 (RMB 34
705
000)
 and such consideration was determined pursuant to arm&#8217;s length negotiations between the parties. As a result of the acquisition
 the Company currently owns and controls 100% of the Taizihu Group.

















































 July 27




283




























 March 11
































 August 20


































 August 20

































 November 30




637





























 April 22




492





























 May 30




025





























 March 17




019





























 June 21




544





























 July 25




563





























 July 27




208





























 September 2




636




























 October 10




152






























 June 13

































 June 2

































 June 13




493





























 April 25




202





























 November 25




515












 2012 through a business acquisition. They are within consolidation scope since then.


 2012
) with registered capital of RMB 20 million Yuan
 was incorporated in Jilin Province
 one of the three provinces of Northeast China. Detian Yu
 one of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries and Feng Liu
 an unrelated third party hold 99% and 1% of its interests
 respectively. Jinglong is primarily engaged in procurement
 storage and sales of corn and grain.


 Longyue
 Deyufarm
 Haoliangxin
 Xinggu Deyufarm
 (collectively
 the &#8220;VIE Group&#8221;) on December 20
 2011. The operation results of the VIE Group are included in the consolidated financial statements from January 1 to December 20
 2011.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 C1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding

039
970

997
467


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000

000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding

658
266

564
774




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







December 31



December 31
















13
158
508



9
808
497






1
059
004



1
032
746






(828
437



(189
399






13
389
075



10
651
844




According to government regulations of the PRC
 the PRC Government owns all land. The Company owns the land use rights of farmland and industrial lands. The Company leases and has obtained a certificate of right of use on 11
667 square meters with the PRC Government in Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province where Jinzhong Deyu's buildings and production facility are located. The term of the right is four to five years and is automatically renewed upon expiration. The right was fully amortized as of December 31
 2010 using the straight-line method. On June 18 2012
 the Company received the extended land use right certificate and the term of the right has been extended to March 14
 2037.

Taizihu leases and has obtained a certificate of right to use on 100
000 square meters of industrial land with the PRC Government in Quwo County
 Shanxi Province where Taizihu Group&#8217;s buildings and production facility are located. The term of the right is 50 years from October 28
 2008 to October 27
 2058. The amortization of the land use right was commenced in October 2008 using the straight-line method over 50 years. Of the 100
000 square meters of land
 approximately 26
000 square meters amounting to $966
886 were used for the construction of the new factory park and were reclassified from intangible assets to construction-in-progress when the construction commenced in January 2011 and as reported on the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31
 2012 and 2011. The land use right used for the construction of the new factory park has been suspended for amortization since January 2011 when the construction commenced.

As of December 31
 2012
 $3
878
579 (RMB 24 million) of the land use right owned by Taizihu Group was pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans
 of which $966
886 (RMB 6.0 million) was reclassified under construction-in-progress.

Amortization expense of the intangible assets for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $406
122 and $184
444
 respectively




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 44
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

933
843

445
115



          

        
        


        

007
929

899
633



          

        
        


        

660
623

542
144



          

        
        


        

291
        



          

        
        


        
        

338




        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

618
266
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

217
479




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        


Other Assets
 Noncurrent
 Disclosure [Text Block]
December 31
December 31
78
648
727
The Company exchanged its Timberland for the buildings with the land use right on March 19
 2012 (see NOTE 8). The title transferring of the land use right has been completed and the Company obtained the land use right certificate on May 10
 2012. As of December 31
 2012
 the land use right which amounted to $184
587 (RMB 1.15 million) represents the land use right located at Shanzhuangtou
 Jinzhong
 Shanxi Province was reclassified to Intangible assets.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        

288
070


        

805
750


        

742
993)


        

366


        

250
123



          

        


        

248
092


        

810
227


        

581
550)


        
        


        

228
677



          

        


        

039
978


        

523


        

443)


        

366


        

021
446




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 mortgage-backed and asset backed securities; (2) US government and agency obligations; (3) state and municipal government obligations; (4) other sovereign government debt; (5) corporate obligations; (6) corporate equities; (7) principal investments; (8) derivative contracts; and (9) physical commodities. Includes both pledged and unpledged holdings.
              
 -Paragraph 38
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt and the cost incurred directly for the issuance of equity securities.
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

214

108



          

        
        


        

369
        



          

        
        


        

182

666



          

        
        


        

330
        



          

        
        


        

333

537



          

        
        


        
        

976



          

        
        


        
        

929




        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

046
098

576
666


        

325
445)

480
009)


        

720
653

096
657


        

153
096)

231
094)


        

619
036)

222
182)


        

772
132)

453
276)


        

948
521

643
381


        

846

159


        

477
304)

601)


        

270

294)


        

188)

736)


        

174
333

699
645


        

765
514)

384)


        

408
819

515
261


Loss from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes
        

891
830)


        

408
819

623
431


        
        
        


        

599

673


        
        

101
255


        

599

139
928


        

455
418

763
359


        

748)

917)


        

008
670

335
442


        

907

751
687


        

919
577

087
129


        

467)

653)


        

915
110

956
476


        
        
        


Net income from continuing operations
 net of income taxes

008
670

126
017


Discontinued operations
 net of income taxes
        

790
575)


        

008
670

335
442


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

598
603

522
432


        

614
108

497
164




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before preferred dividend but noncontrolling interests.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent after preferred dividend and noncontrolling interests.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes
 net of tax
 income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income tax
 reported as a separate component of income before extraordinary items
 which is apportioned to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This item includes the following (net of tax): income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal
 and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of related tax effect
 per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 10
 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 resulting from the process of expressing in the reporting currency of the reporting entity those amounts that are denominated or measured in a different currency
 and from transactions whose terms are denominated in a currency other than the entity's functional currency
 which is attributable to the parent entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) profits on securities (net of losses)
 and (d) miscellaneous other income items.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







December 31



December 31
















7
730
831



8
108
503







131



1
971






21

558



12
109
353






56
671




94
263






30
322
191



20
314
090







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Loans
 Notes
 Trade and Other Receivables Disclosure [Text Block]
        







December 31



December 31
















33

165



36
167
136






(4
87







Accounts receivable
 net


33

288



36
167
136







        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





























For the year ended December 31
 2012:

















16

670



10
598
603










446
748



2
015
505










16

418



12
614
108

























16

670



10
598
603










446
748



2
015
505










16

418



12
614
108






















For the year ended December 31
 2011:

















20
126
017



10
522
432










427
917



1
974
732










20
553
934



12
497
164

























17
335
442



10
522
432










427
917



1
974
732










17
763
359



12
497
164











        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







December 31



December 31






















Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by





















The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6.00%.










The term of the loan started from August 14
 2012 with maturity date on August 13
 2013. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.


2
407
666


















Bank loan payable to Agriculture Development Bank of China
 bearing interest at the prime rate
 based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by





















The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6.0%.










The term of the loan started from September 18
 2012 with maturity date on September 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Taizihu and pledged by its buildings and land use right.


1
444
600


















Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.










The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.


1
364
344


















Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 15.084%.










The term of the loan started from August 31
 2012 with maturity date on August 29
 2013. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 30
 2013.


1
364
344


















Bank loan payable to Dah Sing Bank (China) Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.2%.










The term of the loan started from July 18
 2012 with maturity date on July 17
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr Tian Wenjun for a period of one year starting from July 18
 2013.


1
284
089


















Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimen subbranch
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 7.20%.










The term of the loan started from January 11
 2012 with maturity date on January 10
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detain Yu and guaranteed by Beijing Agriculture Guarantee Ltd. for a period of one year starting from November 30
 2011.


264
843







The loan was paid off on January 10
 2013.





















The bank loan of $160
511.00 (or RMB1
000
000.00) payable to Bank of Beijing Haidian Branch
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 50% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 9%.










The term of the loan started from September 28
 2012 with maturity date on September 27
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Mr. Tian Wenjun for a period of one year.










On December 21
 2012 the loan was repaid for $40
128 (or RMB250
000.00)
 as of December 31
 2012
 the loan balance was $120
383 (or RMB750
000.00).


120
383


















Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications Gongzhufen subbranch
 bearing interest at a fix rate of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2012 was 6%.










The term of the loan started from December 12
 2012 with maturity date on December 12
 2013. The loan was obtained by Detain Yu.


14
446


















Loan payable to Hangzhou TianCi Investment Management Co.











Ltd.
 an unrelated party. The loan was unsecured
 bearing no interest and no due date was specified. The loan was obtained by Jiruhai.


58
908



58
311














Bank loan payable to China Merchants Bank Beijing Dongzhimen subbranch
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 20% of prime rate

 2011 was 7.8720%.










The term of the loan started from November 30
 2011 with maturity date on November 29
 2012. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by China Agriculture Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd. for a period of one year starting from November 30
 2011.










The loan was paid off on November 29
2012.






2
121
101














Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.










The term of the loan started from August 8
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Deyu and guaranteed by Jinzhong Juntai Automotive Parts Manufacturing Co.
 Ltd.
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 20
 2012.






1
588
840














Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.










The term of the loan started from August 9
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012. The loan was paid off on August 21
 2012.






1
350
514














Bank loan payable to Jinzhong City Yuci District Rural Credit Union Co.
 Ltd.
 bearing interest at a fixed rate of prime rate plus 130% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on six-month to one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China. The actual interest rate as of December 31
 2011 was 15.084%.










The term of the loan started from August 9
 2011 with maturity date on August 7
 2012. The loan was obtained by Jinzhong Yuliang and guaranteed by Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 a related party
 for a period of two years starting from August 7
 2012.










The loan was paid off on August 20
 2012.






1
350
514














Bank loan payable to Bank of Communications
 bearing interest at a floating rate of prime rate plus 30% of prime rate
 of which prime rate was based on one-year loan interest rate released by The People's Bank of China.










The actual interest rate as of December 31

 2011with maturity date on May 9
 2012. The loan was obtained by Detian Yu and guaranteed by Zhongyuan Guoxin Credit Guarantee Co.
 Ltd.











Wenjun Tian and Jianming Hao for a period of one year starting from May 10
 2011. The loan was paid off on May 9
 2012.






7
944
200

















8
323
623



14
413
480




Loan payable to Hangzhou TianCi Investment Management Co.
 Ltd. was unsecured
 bear no interest and no due date was specified.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      






















 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2010



          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010



          



 2010



          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



        
        

805
750
        
        
        

523
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

810
227
        

211
166
        
        
        
        
        

594
607
        


Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Series A convertible preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

658
266

564
774

349
774
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 New Issues
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted
        
        
        
        
        
        

267
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

267
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

455
418

763
359
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued
        
        
        
        

999
999
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        

658
266

564
774
        

999
999
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares issued
        

997
467

106
088
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Series A convertible preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        

039
970

997
467
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Dividends
 Preferred Stock
        

420
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

748

917
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

742
993
        
        
        

443
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

581
550
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

366
        
        
        

366
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

555
627
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

455
863
        
        

866
174
        

689
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

362
        
        

479
        

883
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

911
        

911
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Noncash or Part Noncash Acquisition
 Noncash Financial or Equity Instrument Consideration
 Shares Issued
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

736
932
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Dividends
 Shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

995

379
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

775
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

805
750
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Conversion of Stock
 Shares Issued
        
        
        
        
        
        

267
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

267
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 stock
 and paid-in-kind dividends declared for preferred shareholders during the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt and the cost incurred directly for the issuance of equity securities.
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT

        

      






        
        


        
PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT

Property
 plant
 and equipment consisted of the following:





December 31



December 31
















1

594



896
648






16

542



9
593
679






67
739



408
203






7

413



2
954
783






11
907



605
705







26
060
195




14
459
018






(6

596



(2
103
072



Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net



19
442
599




12
355
946




The buildings owned by the Company located in Jinzhong and Quwo in Shanxi Province
 China are used for production
 warehousing
 and offices for our corn and grains business. The Company exchanged its Timberland for an office building valued at $2.7million (RMB 16.8million) in January 2012
 of which depreciation commenced in January 2012.

As of December 31
 2012
 $5.6 million (RMB 35 million) of buildings
 machinery and equipment owned by the Taizihu Group were pledged as collateral for short-term bank loans.

Depreciation expense from continuing operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $ 1
890
960and $794
853
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets excluding construction in progress that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

996
165

167
136


        

877)
        


Accounts receivable
 net

991
288

167
136




        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        


        
        







December 31



December 31
















1

871



92
531






163
443










155
883



88
889










83
899










46
376






129
987



79
842






1

184



391
537






        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Assets held for sale as of December 31
 2011 represent the cost of timber
 timberland and farmland (collectively
 the &#8220;Timberland&#8221;) and amounted to $1.6 million (RMB 10.3 million)
 which management assessed approximating its fair value. The Company exchanged the Timberland for an office building paying cash consideration of $1.1 million (RMB 7.2 million) for the variance between the fair values of the office building and the Timberland on March 19
 2012. No material gain or loss was generated from this exchange transaction.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

Construction-in-progress amounted to $1
849
375 as of December 31
 2012 mainly represents payment on the construction of a new factory park and the partial cost of the land use right where the new factory park occupies in Huichun. Construction-in-progress amounted to $765
116 represents payment on the construction of a new workshop for flour manufacturing in Jinzhong Deyu.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT
 AND EQUIPMENT (Details) (USD $)











        

010
594

648


        

534
542

593
679


        

739

203


        

435
413

954
783


        

907

705


        

060
195

459
018


        

617
596)

103
072)


Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net

442
599

355
946




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for rental to others
 or for administrative purposes and that are expected to provide economic benefit for more than one year; net of accumulated depreciation. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
 but not including land) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets commonly used in offices and stores. Examples include desks
 chairs
 and store fixtures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets used in the production process to produce goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      








 2010 [Member] | Exercisable December
 2010 Through November


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Expected forfeitures per year
 Minimum (%)
        


Expected forfeitures per year
 Maximum (%)
        


        
        




 2010 [Member] | Exercisable November
 2011 Through November


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Expected forfeitures per year
 Minimum (%)
        


Expected forfeitures per year
 Maximum (%)
        


        
        




 2010 [Member] | Exercisable November
 2012 Through November


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Expected forfeitures per year
 Minimum (%)
        


Expected forfeitures per year
 Maximum (%)
        


        
        




 2010 [Member] | Exercisable January
 2011 Through December


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




 2010 [Member] | Exercisable December
 2011 Through December


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




 2010 [Member] | Exercisable December
 2012 Through December


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




 2012 [Member] | Exercisable September
 2012 Through March


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        






        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




 2012 [Member] | Exercisable December
 2012 Through November


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




 2012 [Member] | Exercisable November
 2013 Through November


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




 2012 [Member] | Exercisable November
 2014 Through November


        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

487

856



          

        
        


        

849
375
        



          

        
        


        

116
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2011



          



        
        

634
274
        
        

600
000

300
000


        
        
        

100
000

200
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

046
098

576
666


        

720
        


        

846

159


        

477
304)

601)


        

439
458)

442)


        

297
082

297


        

599

673


        

408
819

515
261



          

        
        


        

047
762

723
149


        

720
        


        

224

733


        

087)

337)


        

863)

604)


        

814)

538


        
        
        


        

149
332

388
742



          

        
        


        

811
014

507
527


        
        
        


        

799

867


        

362)

835)


        

563)

968)


        

691
300)

854


        
        
        


        

611
166

500
612



          

        
        


        

187
322

345
990


        
        
        


        

803

469


        

855)

429)


        

052)

960)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

505

964
146



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

604)

813


        

599

673


        

378
184)

338
239)




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and noncontrolling interest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures [Table Text Block]
        











December 31




















15
276
475










(12
256
832



Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses






(8
251
364



Interest income
 net






5
478



Other income
 net






37
371










(5
188
872










1
297
042










(3
891
830







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss)
 amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations
 the classification and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group
 and the segment in which the disposal group was reported. Also may include the amount of adjustments to amounts previously reported in discontinued operations such as resolution of contingencies arising from the disposal transaction or the operations of the component prior to disposal.
              
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



As of December 31









322
976






298
663






184
909






168
858






168
858






1
476
245






2
620
509







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) the existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (3) restrictions imposed by lease arrangements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 (4) rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.  Disclosure may also include the specific period used to amortize material leasehold improvements made at the inception of the lease or during the lease term. Additionally
 for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year: (a) future minimum rental payments required as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) the total of minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 and (c) for all operating leases
 rental expense for each period for which an income statement is presented
 with separate amounts for minimum rentals
 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals. Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
 -Subparagraph b
 c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




























28
552






































506
776




149







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
Sales to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
24
3
250
Sales to Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
8
21
Sales to Tieling Zhongnong Agriculture Technology Development Co.
1
114
Sales to Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
3
Mr. Jianming Hao
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company is the former Executive Director of Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
 Ltd. Jianbin Zhou
 the Chief Operating Officer of the Company is the legal representative of Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
December 31
December 31
315
Due from Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
43
24
34
Due form Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
4
3
Due from Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
468
Due from Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
89
397
587
Mr. Wenjun Tian
 the former President and Director of the Company is the Executive Director of Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
Jianming Hao


 Ltd.. Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
 Ltd.; the legal representative of which is Jianbin Zhou

 Ltd. was no longer considered a related party after the VIE termination on December 20
December 31
December 31


6
007
2
899
2
660
2
542
Due to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
265
Due to Deyufarm Innovation Food(Beijing) Co.
3
8
933
5
445
Mr. Wenjun Tian
 the former President and Director of the Company
 is the President and Executive Director of Dongsheng International Investment Co.
 Ltd. Those loans as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 are unsecured
As of December 31
 2012
 Mr. Wenjun Tian provided guarantees on short-term loans obtained by Detian Yu. Yuci Jinmao Food Processing Factory
 of which the legal representative is Junlian Zheng
 the wife of Junde Zhang
 Vice President of the Company
 provided guarantees on short-term loans obtained by Jinzhong Yongcheng and Jinzhong Yuliang.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







As of December 31

        


        

976


        

663


        

909


        

858


        

858


        

476
245


Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due

620
509




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
Sales to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
24
3
250
Sales to Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
8
21
Sales to Tieling Zhongnong Agriculture Technology Development Co.
1
114
Sales to Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
3
537


        
December 31
December 31
315
Due from Beijing Doukounianhua Biotechnology Co.
43
24
34
Due form Jinshang International Finance Leasing Co.
4
3
Due from Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
468
Due from Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
89
397
587
108


        
December 31
December 31
Due to Dongsheng International Investment Co.
6
007
2
899
2
660
2
542
Due to Beijing Yilian Gifts Tech. Development Co.
265
Due to Deyufarm Innovation Food(Beijing) Co.
3
8
933
5
445
115




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        


Schedule of Other Assets
 Noncurrent [Table Text Block]
December 31
December 31
78
648
727
535




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2010

106

350

770
230

272
633

385
134
        

440
453


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2010

106
088

349
774
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

892

314)
        

989
304

804
882


        
        
        
        
        
        

147

147


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000)

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

354
        
        
        

420


        

379
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

702
        
        
        

702


        
        
        

960
        
        
        

000


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

621
034
        

653

751
687


        
        
        
        
        

770
889

012
236)

758
653


        
        
        
        
        

335
442

139
928)

195
514


Balance at Dec. 31
 2011

997

565

367
138

831
353

491
465

940

139
458


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2011

997
467

564
774
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

521

521


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

492)

492
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

128
        
        
        

184


        

995
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

853
        
        
        

853


        
        
        

320
        
        
        

400


        
        

000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

440
        

467

907


        
        
        
        
        

008
669

599)

962
070


Balance at Dec. 31
 2012

040

658

781
439

737
793

500
134

329

458
393


Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2012

039
970

658
266
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; and gain (loss) on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain (loss) that has been designated and qualified as a hedging instrument for hedging of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments (for example
 to additional paid in capital) including the write-off of an equity component recognized to record the convertible debt instrument as two separate components - a debt component and an equity component. This item is meant to disclose the value of shares issued on conversion of convertible securities that were recorded as two separate (debt and equity) components.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      














 2010






 2010


 2010 [Member]

          



 2010


 2010 [Member]

          



 2010






 2012






 2012

          



 2012






        

853

702
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Employee Service Share-based Compensation
 Tax Benefit from Compensation Expense

136

759
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized
        
        

000
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares
 Granted

000
        
        

000

000

000

000

000
        
        


Weighted-Average Exercise Price
 Granted (in dollars per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Rights
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

On February 2
 2012
 Shenzhen Redsun
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 acquired 100% of the equity interests of the Taizihu Group for cash consideration of $5
502
181 (RMB 34
705
000). The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the purchase method of accounting. The Taizihu Group&#8217;s results of operations were included in Deyu&#8217;s results beginning February 3
 2012. The purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based on their fair value at the acquisition date as summarized in the following:






5
502
181




















28
867






240
474






1
373
222






840
849






584
562



Property
 plant
 and equipment
 net


5
891
772






1
673
997



Intangible assets
 net


2
823
087






117
153






(6
499
683






(319
077






(225
819






(528
144






6
001
260













(499
079




The following summarized unaudited pro forma results of operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 assuming that all significant acquisitions during the two-year period ended December 31
 2012 occurred as of January 1
 2011 and all significant acquisitions during the year ended December 31
 2012 occurred as of January 1
 2012
 respectively. These pro forma results have been prepared for comparative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative of the results of operations which actually would have resulted had the significant acquisitions occurred as of January 1
 2011 and 2012
 nor is it indicative of future operating results.











December&#160;31

























255

893



274
689
101






16

670



22
353
298





























        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 51
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        

735
893

689
101


        

008
670

353
298


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph r(2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph r(2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

883

479
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        

279

632
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




 Inputs


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        

776


        
        

759


        
        

535




        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of other assets classified as land use rights.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        






The Company defined reportable segments according to ASC Topic 280. In the fourth quarter of 2011
 our management changed the structure of allocating resources and assessing the performance of the group. The new three segments were identified primarily based on the structure of allocating resources and assessing performance of the group
 including corn division
 grain division and bulk trading division. The segment reporting information for year ended December 31
 2012 was based on these three segments and that for the year ended December 31
 2011 was restated accordingly.


The corn division is in the business of purchasing corn from farmers
 simple processing and distributing to agricultural product trading companies through wholesale. The business of the grain division is conducted by processing and distributing grains and other products to supermarkets and convenient stories after processing with our own brand names
 including &#8220;Deyu&#8221;
 &#8220;Shi-Tie&#8221;
 &#8220;Huichun&#8221; and &#8220;Longquan Villa&#8221;. The business of the bulk trading division is conducted by bulk purchasing and the sale of raw grain.





















December 31
 2012




















151
047
762



73

014



29
187
322







254

098






61
720















61
720






17
224



11
799



8
803







37







(610
087



(607
362



(259
855







(1
477
304






(592
863



(595
563



(251
052







(1
439







(577
814



(1

300







27
604



(2

082


















46
599



46
599






10

332



9

166



6
505



(3

184



16

819
























December 31
 2011




















177
723
149



40
507
527



43
345
990







261
576
666





























33
733



3
867



4
469







42
159






(608
337



(119
835



(77
429







(805
601






(574
604



(115
968



(72
960







(763
442






479
538



475
854







23
813



979
297


















38
673



38
673






19
388
742



2
500
612



2
964
146



(4
338
239



20
515
261




All of our revenues were generated from customers in China
 except for sales of certain bean-based products to local exporting agencies in China who export them to Germany
 Japan
 and other countries. Sales to exporting agencies were denominated in RMB
 the Company&#8217;s functional currency and were accounted for as domestic sales. All long-lived assets are located in China. The following tables set forth our three major customers in each segment:











December 31













Chongqin Sanwang Feed Co.
 Ltd.










Meishan Wens' Rear Lifestock Co.
 Ltd.






















































Deyufarm Innovation Food (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.






















Shanxi Doukounianhua Food Co.
 Ltd.












































Shanxi Zhengda Co.
 Ltd.










Shanxi Guchuan Food Co.
 Ltd.










Shanxi Helifeihua Trading Co.
 Ltd.

























        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT

      
      

 PLANT



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT

      
      

 PLANT



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT

      
      

 PLANT



      
      
      

 PLANT

      
      

 PLANT



      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 PLANT

    




    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          











        

552

437


        

584

983


        

640

785


        

506
776

149
205




        
          

        
          
            

 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including value added tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        


Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Table Text Block]
        




























871











































































184











        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        







December 31



December 31






















Bank notes payable to Jinzhong Haida Nongyi Trading Co.
 Ltd.











men branch























for August 17
 2011 through February 17
 2012.The note was










obtained and issued by Detian Yu Biotechnology (Beijing) Co.
 Ltd.










The note was paid off on March 7
 2012.






1
588
840










1
588
840







        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













