

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-13-395367
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20131009
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20131009
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Diamond Foods Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001320947
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				941365192
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51439
		FILM NUMBER:		131143782
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 SOUTH DIAMOND STREET
		CITY:			STOCKTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95205 7087
		BUSINESS PHONE:		209 467 6000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1050 SOUTH DIAMOND STREET
		CITY:			STOCKTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95205 7087












 



 D.C. 20549 





For the fiscal year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013 
 




For the transition period from
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;to&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 


(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 














600 Montgomery Street
 13th Floor
 California








the Act: 










Common Stock
 $0.001 par value








Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Exchange
Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past
90&nbsp;days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
 (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will
not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to the
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and
&#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 



























As of January&nbsp;31
 2013
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#146;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
$298
279
640 based on the closing sale price as reported on the NASDAQ Stock Market. As of September&nbsp;30
 2013
 there were 22
338


Proxy Statement for its 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. 




 












































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence




















Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules













 



 
This 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements
 including statements about our future financial and operating
performance and results
 business strategy
 commodity prices
 obtaining necessary approvals of the proposed settlement of securities class action litigation
 liquidity position and sufficiency
 brand portfolio and performance
 availability of raw
materials
 our position in the walnut industry
 enhancing internal controls and remediating material weaknesses. These forward-looking statements are based on our assumptions
 expectations and projections about future events only as of the date of
this report
 and we make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the &#147;safe harbor&#148; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Many of our forward-looking statements include discussions of trends and anticipated
developments under the &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; sections of the periodic reports that we file with the SEC. We use the words
&#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;seek
&#148; &#147;may&#148; and other similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements that discuss our
future expectations
 contain projections of our results of operations or financial condition or state other &#147;forward-looking&#148; information. You also should carefully consider other cautionary statements elsewhere in this report and in other
documents we file from time to time with the SEC. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. Actual results may differ materially from what we
currently expect because of many risks and uncertainties
 such as: our leverage
 which may make it more difficult for us to respond to changes in our business
 markets and industry; possible increased borrowing costs; potential difficulties raising
additional capital if needed
 and the potential dilutive impact of any such equity capital raising; uncertainty and expense related to litigation and regulatory proceedings; obtaining required approvals of the settlement of the securities class
action litigation; potential difficulties in signing up growers to new walnut purchase agreements; uncertain availability and cost of walnuts and other raw materials; increasing competition and possible loss of key customers; and general economic
As used in this Annual Report
 the terms &#147;Diamond Foods
&#148; &#147;Diamond
&#148;
&#147;Company
&#148; &#147;Registrant
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; and &#147;our&#148; mean Diamond Foods
 Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 



 






 Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2005 as the
successor to Diamond Walnut Growers
 Inc.
 a member-owned California agricultural cooperative association. In July 2005
 Diamond Walnut Growers
 Inc. merged with and into Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 converted from a cooperative association to a Delaware
We are an
innovative packaged food company focused on building and energizing brands. We specialize in processing
 marketing and distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts. In 2004
 we complemented our strong heritage in the




 which provided us with increased scale in the snack market. In 2010
 we acquired Kettle Foods
 a leading premium potato chip
company in the two largest potato chip markets in the world
 the United States and the United Kingdom


second quarter of fiscal 2013
 we changed our operating and reportable segments. We previously had one operating and reportable segment; we now aggregate our operating segments into two reportable segments
 Snacks and Nuts. For financial reporting
purposes prior year information has been presented based on the new segment reporting structure. 







2008
 we expanded our snack product line with the acquisition of the Pop Secret microwave popcorn from General Mills
 Inc. Microwave popcorn products are offered in a variety of traditional flavors


 we complemented our snack portfolio with the acquisition of Kettle Foods
 a leading premium potato chip company.
Kettle Foods products are offered in a variety of flavors and sizes. Our snack products are typically available in grocery store snack
 natural and produce aisles
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 convenience stores
 drug stores
 natural food stores
and other places where snacks are sold. 







 and Diamond of
 brand in grocery store baking aisles and produce aisles and through mass merchandisers and club
stores. Culinary nuts are marketed to individuals who prepare meals or baked goods at home and who value fresh


 primarily during the winter holiday season. Our non-retail nut business includes international markets and North American ingredient customers. We market
 brand to food processors
 restaurants
 bakeries
and food service companies and their suppliers. Diamond&#146;s institutional and industrial customers use our standard or customer-specified products to add flavor and texture in their product offerings. We also sell in-shell nuts to international
markets. Emerald products include roasted
 glazed and flavored nuts
 trail mixes
 granola
 dried fruit and similar offerings that are sold where snack nuts and convenient breakfast items are sold. 
 



We evaluate the performance of our segments based on net sales and gross profit for each of
the segments. Gross profit is calculated as net sales less all cost of sales. Our fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 net sales and gross profit were as follows (in millions): 


















Year ended July&nbsp;31































437
955



425
175



403
701





426
057



556
243



562
987



















864
012



981
418



966
688

































152
133



128
122



131
807





53
390



51
599



84
672



















205
523



179
721



216
479















We sell our products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store
chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 Stores
 Inc. (which includes sales to both Sam&#146;s Club and Wal-Mart)
 accounted for
approximately 16%
 18%
 and 15% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Sales to Costco Wholesale Corporation accounted for 9%
 12%
 and 11% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. No other single
customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 2012 or 2011. 
We believe that our marketing efforts are fundamental to the success of our business. Advertising expenses were $41.5 million in fiscal
2013
 $37.9 million in fiscal 2012 and $45.0 million in fiscal 2011. We develop advertising campaigns featuring our multiple brands
 focusing on building brand awareness and attracting consumers to our offerings. 
Our consumer-targeted marketing campaigns may include television
 print and digital advertisements
 coupons
 co-marketing arrangements
with complementary consumer product companies and cooperative advertising with select retail customers. Our television advertising airs on national network
 cable channels and digital media. We design and provide point-of-purchase displays for use
by our retail customers. These displays help to merchandize our products in a consistent
 eye-catching manner and make our products available for sale in multiple locations in a store
 which increases impulse purchase opportunities. Our public
relations and event sponsorship efforts are an important component of our overall marketing and brand awareness strategy. We offer samples and support active lifestyle consumers by sponsoring events such as running events. Promotional activities
associated with our ingredient/food service products include attending regional and national trade shows


 we sell our
consumer products through our sales force directly to large national grocery
 mass merchandiser
 club
 convenience stores and drug store chains. Our sales department also oversees our broker and distributor network. Our distributor network carries
 potato chips to grocery
 convenience and natural food stores in various parts of the United States
and Canada. In the United Kingdom
 we sell our potato chip products through our sales personnel directly to national grocery


 Indiana
 Oregon
 Wisconsin and Norwich
 England
 and from leased warehouse and distribution facilities in California
 Colorado
Georgia
 
 



 
Illinois
 Indiana
 New Jersey
 Oregon
 Wisconsin
 Ontario
 Canada and Snetterton
 England. Our sales administration and logistics departments manage the administration and fulfillment of customer
orders. The majority of our products are shipped from our production
 warehouse and distribution facilities by contract and common carriers. 


development process. Once new products have been identified an internal
 cross-functional commercialization team manages the process from inception to large-scale production and is responsible for consistently delivering high-quality products to
market. We process and package most of our nut products at the Stockton
 California facility; our popcorn products are primarily processed and packaged in the Van Buren
 Indiana facility under a third-party co-pack arrangement; and our potato chips
are processed and packaged at Salem
 Oregon
 Beloit
 Wisconsin and Norwich
 England facilities. Periodically
 we may use third parties to process and package a portion of our products when warranted by demand and specific technical requirements.

We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products compete against food products sold by many regional and national companies
some of which are larger and have substantially greater resources than we do. We believe that additional competitors will enter all of the markets in which we operate. We also compete for shelf space of retail grocers
 convenience stores
 drug
stores
 mass merchandisers
 natural food and club stores. As these retailers consolidate
 the number of customers and potential customers declines and their purchasing power increases. As a result
 there is greater pressure to manage distribution
capabilities in ways that increase efficiency for these large retailers
 especially on a national scale. In general
 competition in our markets is based on product value
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty. The combination of the strength of our
brands
 our product quality and differentiation
 as well as our broad channel distribution
 helps us to compete effectively in each of these categories. Our principal competitors are regional and national walnut handlers and nut manufacturers
national popcorn manufacturers
 regional and national potato chip manufacturers
 and regional
 national and international food suppliers. 


also purchase walnuts from time to time from other growers and walnut processors on the open market. We purchase other nuts from domestic and international processors on the open market. For example
 during fiscal 2013
 all of the walnuts
 peanuts
and almonds we obtained were grown in the United States
 most of our supply of hazelnuts came from the United States
 and our supply of pecans were sourced from the United States and Mexico. With respect to nut types sourced primarily from abroad
we import Brazil nuts from the Amazon Basin
 cashew nuts from India
 Africa
 Brazil and Southeast Asia
 macadamia nuts from Australia and South Africa
 and pine nuts from China and Turkey. The popcorn we source comes from our primary third party
co-packer in the United States
 with additional sourcing capabilities
 if needed
 from Argentina. We obtain potatoes from the United States and the United Kingdom
 with additional sourcing capabilities
 if needed
 from Europe. 
The availability and cost of walnut raw materials are subject to supply contract renewals
 crop size
 quality
 yield fluctuations and
changes in governmental regulation
 as well as other factors. We purchase all other supplies used in our business from third parties. Those supplies include
 for example
 roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic containers
 flexible packaging
 labels and
other packaging materials. We believe that each of these supplies is available from multiple sources and that our business is not materially dependent upon any individual supplier relationship. 
 



 


 Emerald

<SUP

 each of which are protected with trademark registration with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
 as well as in various other jurisdictions. Our agreement
brand in connection with our marketing of snack nut
products
 but preserves our exclusive use of our Diamond brand for all culinary and in-shell nut products. We also own two U.S. patents related to nut processing methods
 a number of U.S. patents acquired from General Mills related to popcorn
pouches
 flavoring and microwave technologies and patents acquired through the acquisition of Kettle Foods related to the manufacturing of chips and tortillas. While these patents
 which have various durations
 are an important element of our
success


 we contract
directly with growers for their walnut crop. We typically receive walnuts during the period from September to November and we pay for the crop throughout the year in accordance with our walnut purchase agreements with the growers. We typically
receive in-shell pecans during the period from October to March
 and shelled pecans throughout the fiscal year
 and pay for them over those periods on receipt. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel and walnut and pecan inventories peak
during the last four months of the calendar year. We experience seasonality in capacity utilization at our Stockton
 California facility associated with the annual walnut harvest and seasonal in-shell and culinary product demand. Generally
 we
receive and pay for approximately 50% of the corn for popcorn in November
 and approximately 50% in April. We contract for potatoes and oil annually and at times throughout the year and receive and pay for supply throughout the year. 
As of
July&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had 1
266 full-time employees consisting of 937 production and distribution employees
 260 administrative and corporate employees and 69 sales and marketing employees. Our labor requirements typically peak during the last
quarter of the calendar year
 when we generally use temporary labor to supplement our full-time work force. Our production and distribution employees in the Stockton
 California plant are members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. We
consider relations with our employees to be good. 
On the Investor Relations page of our Internet website at http://www.diamondfoods.com
 we make available
 free of charge
 our Annual
Report on Form 10-K
 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
 Current Reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information on our website
is not incorporated into this report and is not a part of this report. 





to such risks and uncertainties. Factors that may cause such a difference include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed below
 in the section entitled &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations
&#148; and elsewhere in this report. 
 



 
Diamond
 and some of our current and former officers and directors
 have been named as parties to various lawsuits arising out of or
related to Diamond&#146;s restatement of our fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 consolidated financial statements
 primarily resulting from our accounting for payments to walnut growers related to fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011
 and those lawsuits could
adversely affect our reputation
 divert significant management time and attention
 result in significant legal expenses or damages
 and cause our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows to suffer. 
In 2011
 various putative shareholder class action and derivative complaints were filed in federal and state court against Diamond and
certain current and former Diamond directors and officers
 after we announced that our Audit Committee had initiated an investigation into the accounting for certain payments to walnut growers. 
In 2011
 a number of putative securities class action suits against Diamond and some of our former executive officers were filed in the
United States District Court for the Northern District of California. These suits allege that defendants made materially false and misleading statements
 or failed to disclose material facts
 regarding our financial results
 operations and
prospects
 including our accounting for payments to walnut growers and the anticipated closing of Diamond&#146;s proposed merger of the Pringles business from The Procter&nbsp;&amp; Gamble Company (&#147;P&amp;G&#148;). These actions were

 Securities Litigation. 
 certain of its former executive officers and our former independent auditor as defendants. The amended
complaint purports to allege claims covering the period from October&nbsp;5
 2010 through February&nbsp;8
 2012 and seeks compensatory damages
 interest thereon
 costs and expenses incurred in the action and other relief. The parties have reached a
proposed agreement
 subject to final court approval
 to settle the action. After settlement negotiations
 lead plaintiff filed a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement on August&nbsp;21
 2013 which was granted on September&nbsp;26
 2013.
Class members have until December&nbsp;20
 2013 to object to the settlement
 and a hearing for final approval of the proposed settlement is scheduled for January&nbsp;9
 2014. This settlement remains subject to final approval by the court and no
assurance can be given that the settlement will be approved. If this settlement is not approved
 management&#146;s attention may be diverted to this matter and there can be no assurance that the litigation would be settled. If the litigation
proceeds
 the legal and other costs associated with the defense of this action would and the ultimate outcome of this action could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Pursuant to the terms
of a proposed settlement
 we would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue 4.45&nbsp;million shares of our common stock to a settlement fund to resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired shares of
our common stock between October&nbsp;5
 2010 and February&nbsp;8
 2012. We would have the ability to privately place
 or conduct a public offering of
 the shares with the consent of the lead plaintiff and its counsel
 prior to distribution of the
settlement fund
 in which case the settlement fund would include the proceeds of the offering in lieu of the settlement shares. 
Putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court for the State of California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly

 Inc. Shareholder Derivative
Litigation.
 individual defendants. The consolidated complaint arises from the same or similar alleged facts as
alleged in the federal securities action and the federal derivative litigation (discussed in the next paragraph below)
 and purports to set forth claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control and gross mismanagement
 and
against the auditor for professional negligence and breach of contract. The lawsuit sought to recover unspecified damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 corporate reforms
 disgorgement
 restitution
 the recovery of plaintiff&#146;s attorney&#146;s
fees and other relief. Following mediation efforts
 the parties agreed to terms of a proposed settlement which the court approved on August&nbsp;19
 2013. On September&nbsp;23
 2013
 a Notice of Appeal was filed. If appeals proceed and this
settlement is not approved
 management&#146;s attention may be diverted to this matter
 and the costs associated with defending this action would and the ultimate outcome of this action could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations. 
 



Putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for
the Northern District of California

 Inc.
Derivative Litigation.
 and alleged breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 contribution and
indemnification
 gross mismanagement. Against our independent auditor it alleged professional negligence
 accounting malpractice and aiding and abetting the breach of fiduciary duties of the other individual defendants. The suit sought to recover
unspecified damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 which was named as a nominal defendant
 corporate reforms
 restitution
 equitable and/or injunctive relief
 to recover plaintiff&#146;s attorney&#146;s fees and other relief. This suit
 which was
dismissed with prejudice based on lack of subject matter jurisdiction related to deficiencies in plaintiffs&#146; claims
 has been appealed. If this appeal proceeds
 management&#146;s attention may be diverted to this matter
 and the legal and other
costs associated with the defense of this action would and the ultimate outcome of this action could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 
We cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits or the approval of the securities class action litigation. The matters which led to our
Audit Committee investigation and the restatement of our fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 consolidated financial statements have exposed us to greater risks associated with litigation
 regulatory proceedings and government enforcement actions. We and our
current and former officers and directors may in the future be subject to additional litigation relating to such matters. We are obligated to indemnify our current and former officers and directors in connection with these lawsuits and related
litigation or settlements amounts. Regardless of the outcome
 these lawsuits
 and any other litigation that may be brought against us or our current or former officers and directors
 could be time-consuming
 result in significant expense and divert
the attention and resources of our management and other key employees. An unfavorable outcome in any of these matters could exceed coverage provided under potentially applicable insurance policies
 which is limited. Any such unfavorable outcome
could have a material effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. Further
 we could be required to pay damages or additional penalties or have other remedies imposed against us
 or our current or former
directors or officers
 which could harm our reputation
 business
 financial condition
 results of operations or cash flows. 
Government investigations may require significant management time and attention
 result in significant legal expenses or damages
and cause our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows to suffer. The unfavorable resolution of one or more matters could adversely impact Diamond. 
On December&nbsp;14
 2011
 Diamond received a formal order of investigation from the Division of Enforcement of the United States
Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition
 the U.S. Attorney&#146;s office for the Northern District of California has contacted us. We have cooperated with the government and expect to continue to do so. The amount of time needed to resolve
these investigations is uncertain
 and we cannot predict the outcome of these investigations or whether we will face additional government investigations
 inquiries or other actions related to our accounting for payments to walnut growers or
otherwise. Subject to certain limitations
 we are obligated to indemnify our current and former directors
 officers and employees in connection with the ongoing governmental investigation and any future government inquiries
 investigations or
actions. These matters have required us to expend significant management time and incur legal and other expenses and could require us to continue to do so. Additionally
 these matters could result in civil and criminal actions seeking
 among other
things
 injunctions against us and the payment of fines and penalties by us
 and any significant fines and penalties may have a material effect on our financial condition
 business
 results of operations and cash flow. 
If these governmental authorities were to commence legal action
 we could be required to pay significant penalties and could become
subject to injunctions
 a cease and desist order and other equitable remedies. We can provide no assurances as to the outcome of any governmental investigation. 
 



Our potential indemnification obligations and limitations of our director and officer
liability insurance could result in significant legal expenses or damages and cause our business
 financial condition


 our bylaws and certain
indemnification agreements
 we may have an obligation to indemnify former officers and directors in relation to these matters. Insurance funds from our director and officer liability policies were used in connection with the settlements of the
shareholder derivative litigation and securities class action litigation and as a result
 we will be required to fund indemnity obligations from claims resulting from the restatement of the accounting for certain payments to walnut growers. If the
proposed securities class litigation settlement is ultimately not consummated
 appeals proceed in the shareholder derivative actions
 or if the Company incurs significant uninsured indemnity obligations
 our indemnity obligations could result in
significant legal expenses or damages and cause our business
 financial condition


 which could have a material impact on our business. 
Our ability to implement our business plan and comply with regulations requires an effective planning and management process. We expect
that we will need to improve existing operational and financial systems
 procedures and controls
 and implement new ones
 to manage our future business effectively. Any implementation delays
 or disruption in the transition to new or enhanced
systems
 procedures or controls
 could harm our ability to forecast sales
 manage our supply chain
 and record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. 
Furthermore we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting adequate to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We previously identified material weaknesses in our internal controls in connection with the
restatement of our financial statements for fiscal 2010 and 2011 which have been remediated. In connection with the restatement of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 we determined that we have a
material weakness as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 namely that our controls over the evaluation and review of complex and non-routine transactions were not effective. In addition
 we have determined that we have a material weakness as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
Due to these material weaknesses
 we have concluded that as of July&nbsp;31
2013
 our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. Until the complex and non-routine control deficiency and journal entries deficiency are fully remediated
 it may be more difficult for us to manage our business
 our results of
operations could be harmed
 our ability to report results accurately and on time could be impaired
 investors may lose faith in the reliability of our statements
 and the price of our securities may be materially impacted. We cannot assure you
whether
 or when
We do not expect
that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system&#146;s objectives will
be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because of the
inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. As a result
 we cannot assure you that significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting will not be identified in the future. A material weakness means a deficiency
 or combination 
 



 
of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the registrant&#146;s annual or interim financial
Any failure to maintain or implement required new or improved
controls
 or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation
 could result in additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses
 cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations
 or result in material misstatements
in our consolidated financial statements. Any such failure could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual auditor attestation reports regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of our internal control over
We may be required to conduct product recalls
 potentially triggering concerns with the safety and
quality of our products
The
sale of food products for human consumption involves risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product recalls and liability claims if our products become adulterated
 mislabeled or misbranded
 or cause injury
 illness or death. Our
products may be subject to product tampering and to contamination and spoilage risks
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects and other pests
 shell fragments
 cross-contamination and off-flavor contamination. If any of our products were to be tampered
with
 or otherwise tainted and we were unable to detect it prior to shipment
 our products could be subject to a recall. Recalls might also be required due to usage of raw materials provided by third-party ingredient suppliers.&nbsp;Such suppliers
are required to supply material free of contamination
 but may
 on occasion
 identify issues after selling material to Diamond manufacturing locations. Our ability to sell products could be reduced if governmental agencies conclude that our products
have been tampered with
 or that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop or that the crop has been contaminated by aflatoxin or other agents. A significant product recall
could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time and reduce our sales. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products
 damage to our reputation and also reduce our sales for an extended period. Product
recalls and product liability claims could increase our expenses and have an adverse effect on demand for our products and
 consequently
 reduce our sales
 net income and liquidity. 

As a food company
 we are subject to extensive government regulation
 including regulation of the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
product quality
 packaging
 storage
 distribution and labeling of our products. Furthermore
 there may be changes in the legal and regulatory environment
 and governmental entities or agencies in jurisdictions where we operate may impose new
manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 labeling or other restrictions
 which could increase our costs and affect our profitability. For example
 various regulatory authorities and others have paid increasing
attention to the effect on humans due to the consumption of acrylamide &#151; a naturally-occurring chemical compound that is formed in the process of cooking many foods
 including potato chips
 and a potential carcinogen &#151; and have imposed
additional regulatory requirements. In the State of California
 we are required to warn about the presence of acrylamide and other potential carcinogens in our products. If consumer concerns about acrylamide increase
 demand for affected products
could decline and our revenues and business could be harmed. Our manufacturing operations are subject to various national
 regional or state and local laws and regulations that require us to obtain licenses relating to customs
 health and safety
building and land use and environmental protection. We are also subject to environmental regulations governing the discharge into the air
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. New or
amended statutes and regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities and our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and permits
 and could require us to change our methods of operations
which could be costly. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 all of which could have an adverse effect on
our business. 
 



A disruption at any of our production facilities would significantly decrease
production
We process and
 agreements and co-pack arrangements with third parties. A temporary or extended interruption in operations
at any of our facilities
 whether due to technical or labor difficulties
 destruction or damage from fire
 flood or earthquake
 infrastructure failures such as power or water shortages
 raw material shortage or any other reason
 whether or not
covered by insurance
 could interrupt our manufacturing operations
 disrupt communications with our customers and suppliers and cause us to lose sales and write off inventory. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our facilities would have a
significant negative impact on our ability to manufacture and package our products on our own and may cause us to seek additional third-party arrangements
 thereby increasing production costs. These third parties may not be as efficient as we are
and may not have the capabilities to process and package some of our products
 which could adversely affect sales or operating income. Further
 current and potential customers might not purchase our products if they perceive our lack of alternate
manufacturing facilities to be a risk to their continuing source of products. Refer to Note 10 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our consolidation of our manufacturing operations and closure of our
facility in Fishers
Changes in the food industry
 including changing dietary trends and consumer preferences


 including shifting consumer preferences
 dietary trends and purchasing patterns. To address consumer preferences
 we invest significant
resources in research and development of new products. Dietary trends
 such as the consumption of food in low carbohydrate content
 have in the past
 and may in the future
 harm our sales. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react to consumer
trends
 or if new products we develop do not achieve acceptance by retailers or consumers
 demand for our products could decline
 which would in turn cause our revenue and profitability to be lower. 
In addition
 some of our products contain sodium
 preservatives and other ingredients
 the health effects of which are the subject of
increasing public scrutiny
 including the suggestion that excessive consumption of these ingredients can lead to a variety of adverse health effects. In the United States and other countries
 there is increasing consumer awareness of health risks
including obesity
 associated with consumption of these ingredients
 as well as increased consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food products. A continuing global focus on health and wellness
including weight management
 and increasing media attention to the role of food marketing
 could adversely affect our sales or lead to stricter regulations and greater scrutiny of food marketing practices. Moreover
 adverse publicity about
regulatory or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image
 undermine consumer confidence or customer relations
 and reduce demand for our products
 even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our
Raw materials that are key ingredients to our products are subject to fluctuations in availability and
The availability
 size
 quality and cost of raw
materials for the production and packaging of our products
 including nuts
 potatoes
 corn and corn products
 cooking and vegetable oils
 corrugate
 resins and other commodities
 are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability
caused by changes in global supply and demand
 weather conditions
 governmental agricultural and energy programs
 exchange rates for foreign currencies and consumer demand. In particular
 the availability and cost of walnuts and other nuts are
subject to supply contract renewals
 crop size
 quality
 yield fluctuations
 changes in governmental regulation
 as well as other factors. 
 



We source walnuts primarily from growers with whom we have entered into walnut purchase
agreements. To the extent contracted growers deliver less supply than we expected or we are unable to renew enough walnut purchase agreements or enter into such agreements with new growers in any particular year
 we may not have sufficient walnut
supply under contract to satisfy our business requirements
 which could have an adverse effect on our sales and our results of operations. To obtain sufficient walnut supply
 which represents a significant portion of our cost of goods sold
 we may
be required to purchase walnuts from third parties at substantially higher prices or forgo sales to some market segments
 which would reduce our profitability. If we forgo sales to such market segments
 we may lose customers and may not be able to
replace them later. Given our fixed costs from our manufacturing facilities
 if we have a lower supply of walnuts or other raw materials
 our unit costs will increase and our gross margin will decline. 
We make estimates of the price we will pay for walnuts to growers under contract starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year and
pursuant to our accounting policies
 finalize the price to be paid to growers by the end of the fiscal year. The selling price to customers for walnuts fluctuates throughout the year depending on market forces. To the extent that we underestimate
the price to be paid for walnuts and enter into contracts with our customers for products including walnuts at prices prevailing at the market at that time and based on walnut cost estimates that ultimately prove to be below the final price we
determine to pay to growers
 our business and results of operations could be harmed. Each year some of our walnut supply agreements are up for renewal
 and competition among walnut handlers makes renewal with us uncertain. Disruption in our walnut
Our
potato chip products are dependent on suppliers providing us with an adequate supply of quality potatoes on a timely basis. The failure of our suppliers to meet our specifications
 quality standards or delivery schedules could have an adverse effect
on our potato chip operations. In particular
 a sudden scarcity
 substantial price increase
 quality issues or unavailability of ingredients could adversely affect our operating results. There can be no assurance that alternative ingredients would
be available when needed on commercially attractive terms
 if at all. In addition
 high commodity prices could lead to unexpected costs and price increases of our products which might dampen growth of consumer demand for our products. If we are
unable to increase productivity to offset these increased costs or increase our prices


 our ability to manufacture our products may be impaired
 which could harm our business and results of operations.
We rely on third-party suppliers for the raw materials we use to manufacture our products
 and our ability to
manufacture our products depends on receiving adequate supplies on a timely basis
 which may be difficult or uneconomical to procure. If we do not maintain good relationships with suppliers that are important to us or are unable to identify a
replacement supplier or develop our own sourcing capabilities
 our ability to manufacture our products may be harmed
 which would result in interruptions in our business. In addition
 even if we are able to find replacement suppliers when needed
 we
may not be able to enter into agreements with them on favorable terms and conditions
 which could increase our costs of production. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
Increased costs associated with product processing and transportation
 such as water
 electricity
 natural gas and fuel costs
We require a substantial amount of energy and water to make
our products. Transportation costs
 including fuel and labor
 also represent a significant portion of the cost of our products
 because we use third party truck and rail companies to collect our raw materials and deliver our products to our
distributors and customers. These costs fluctuate significantly over time due to factors that may be beyond our control
 including increased fuel prices
 adverse weather conditions or natural disasters
 employee strikes and increased export and
import restrictions. We may not be able to pass on increased costs of production or transportation to our customers. In addition
 from time to time
 transportation service providers have a backlog of shipping requests
 which could

 



 
impact our ability to ship products in a timely fashion. Increases in the cost of water
 electricity
 natural gas
 fuel or labor and failure to ship products on time
 could increase our costs of
If we are unable to compete effectively in the markets in which we
operate
In general
 competition in our markets is highly
competitive and based on product quality
 price
 and brand recognition and loyalty. As a result
 there are ongoing competitive product and pricing pressures in the markets in which we operate
 as well as challenges in establishing and maintaining
profit margins. Our products compete against food and snack products sold by many regional and national companies
 some of which are substantially larger and have greater resources than we have. The greater scale and resources that may be available
to our competitors could provide them with the ability to lower prices or increase their promotional or marketing spending to compete more effectively. To address these challenges
 we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors
including pricing; promotional incentives and trade terms. We may need to reduce our prices or increase promotional incentives in response to competition or to grow or maintain our market share. If we decide to reduce or eliminate promotional
incentives to improve our profitability
 we may not be able to compete effectively and we may lose distribution and market share
 which could also lead to a decline in revenue. Competition and customer pressures may restrict our ability to increase
prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. We may also need to increase spending on marketing
 advertising and new product innovation to maintain or increase our market share. If we are unable to compete effectively
 we could be unable
to increase the breadth of the distribution of our products or lose customers or distribution of products
 which could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability. In addition
 if we are required to maintain high levels of promotional
incentives or trade terms with respect to particular product lines
 our margins and profitability would be adversely effected. 

We depend on a few significant customers for a large proportion of our net sales. This concentration has become more pronounced with the
trend toward consolidation in the retail grocery store industry. Sales to our largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. (which includes sales to both Sam&#146;s Club and Wal-Mart)
 represented approximately 16%
 18%
 and 15% of our total net sales in
fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011 respectively. Sales to our second largest customer
 Costco Wholesale Corporation
 represented approximately 9%
 12%
 and 11% of our total net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011. The success of our business is dependent
on our ability to successfully manage relationships with these customers
 or any other significant customer. Further
 there is a continuing trend towards retail trade consolidation
 which can create significant cost and margin pressure on our
business. The loss of any major customers
 or any other significant customer
 or a material decrease in their purchases from us
 could result in decreased sales and adversely impact our net income. 

Retail customers
 such as supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 continue to consolidate
 resulting in fewer customers on
which we can rely for business. Consolidation also produces large
 more sophisticated retail customers that can resist price increases and demand lower pricing
 increased promotional programs or specifically tailored products. In addition
 larger
retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own retailer brands. Further retail consolidation and increasing retail power could materially and adversely affect
our product sales
Retail consolidation also increases the risk that adverse
changes in our customers&#146; business operations or financial performance will have a corresponding material effect on us. For example
 if our customers cannot access sufficient funds or financing
 then they may delay
 decrease or cancel purchases
of our products
 or delay or fail to pay us for previous purchases. 
 



If we need to compete with other manufacturers or with retailer brands on the basis of
price
Our branded products face competition from
private label products that at times may be sold at lower price points. The impact of price gaps between our products and private label products may result in share erosion and harm our business. A number of our competitors have broader product
lines
 substantially greater financial and other resources and/or lower fixed costs than we have. Our competitors may succeed in developing new or enhanced products that are more attractive to customers or consumers than ours. These competitors may
also prove to be more successful in marketing and selling their products than we are; and may be better able to increase prices to reflect cost pressures. We may not compete successfully with these other companies or maintain or grow the
distribution of our products. We cannot predict the pricing
 commodity costs
 or promotional activities of our competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. Many of our competitors engage in aggressive pricing and promotional
activities. There are competitive pressures and other factors which could cause our products to lose market share or decline in sales or result in significant price or margin erosion
 which would have a material effect on our business
 financial
Our proprietary brands and packaging designs are essential to the value of our
business
 and the inability to protect
 and costs associated with protecting
 our intellectual property could harm the value of our brands and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
Our success depends significantly on our know-how and other intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trademarks
 service marks
trade secrets
 patents
 copyrights and similar rights to protect our intellectual property. Our success also depends in large part on our continued ability to use existing trademarks and service marks in order to maintain and increase brand
Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate
 third parties
may misappropriate or infringe on our intellectual property or develop more efficient and advanced technologies
 our patents expire over time and third parties may use such previously patented technology to compete against us
 and our third-party
manufacturers and partners may disclose our trade secrets. From time to time
 we engage in litigation to protect our intellectual property
 which could result in substantial costs as well as diversion of management attention. The occurrence of any
We depend on our key personnel and if we
lose the services of any of these individuals
 or fail to attract and retain additional key personnel
 we may not be able to implement our business strategy or operate our business effectively. 
Our future success largely depends on the contributions of our senior management team. We believe that these individuals&#146; expertise
and knowledge about our industry and their respective fields and their relationships with other individuals in our industry are critical factors to our continued growth and success. We do not carry key person insurance. The loss of the services of
any member of our senior management team and the failure to hire and retain qualified management and other key personnel could have an adverse effect on our business and prospects. Our success also depends upon our ability to attract and retain
additional qualified sales
Economic downturns may adversely affect our business
Unfavorable economic conditions may negatively affect our business and
financial results. For example
 instability in the global credit markets
 including the recent European economic and financial turmoil
 or federal funding cuts in the United States
 may lead to slower growth or recession in European or United States
markets where we sell our products. These economic conditions could negatively impact consumer demand for our products
 the mix of our products&#146; sales
 our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis
 the ability of suppliers to
provide the materials required in our operations
 and our ability to obtain financing or to otherwise 
 



 
access the capital markets. Additionally
 unfavorable economic conditions could have an impact on our lenders or customers
 causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. The occurrence of
any of these risks could adversely affect our business
The acquisition


 negotiating or consummating any future
acquisitions. Any such future acquisitions could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive issuances of stock and increased debt and contingent liabilities
 any of which could have a material effect on our business and the market price of
our common stock. Acquisitions entail many financial
 managerial and operational risks
 including difficulties integrating the acquired operations
 effective and immediate implementation of internal control over financial reporting
 diversion of
management attention during the negotiation and integration phases
 uncertainty entering markets in which we have limited prior experience
 and potential loss of key employees of acquired organizations. We may be unable to integrate product lines or
businesses that we acquire
 which could have a material effect on our business and on the market price of our common stock. We may evaluate the various components of our portfolio of businesses and may
 as a result
 explore divesting such products
or businesses. Divestitures have inherent risks
 including possible delays in closing transactions (including potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals)
 the risk of lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested businesses
unexpected costs associated with the separation of the business to be sold from our integrated information technology systems and other operating systems and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. In addition
 adverse economic or market
conditions may result in fewer potential bidders and unsuccessful divestiture efforts. Transaction costs may be high
 and expected cost savings
 which are offset by revenue losses from divested businesses
 may be difficult to achieve
 and we may
experience varying success in reducing costs or transferring liabilities previously associated with the divested businesses. In addition
 acquisitions or divestitures may result in litigation that can be expensive and divert management&#146;s
Our business and operations could be negatively impacted if we fail to
The success of our business depends substantially upon our ability to maintain
satisfactory relations with our employees. Our production workforce in one of our facilities is covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Strikes or work stoppages and interruptions could occur if we are unable to renew this agreement on
satisfactory terms. If a work stoppage or slow down were to occur
 it could adversely affect our business and disrupt our operations. The terms and conditions of existing or renegotiated agreements also could increase our costs or otherwise affect
Our business
 financial condition and
results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic conditions of the countries in which we conduct business and other factors related to our international operations. 
We conduct a substantial amount of business with vendors and customers located outside the United States. During fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012
and fiscal 2011
 sales outside the United States
 primarily in the United Kingdom
 Canada
 South Korea
 Japan
 Germany
 Netherlands
 Turkey
 China and Spain accounted for approximately 24%
 23% and 30% of our net sales
 respectively. Many factors
relating to our international operations and to particular countries in which we operate could have a material negative impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. These factors include: 






negative economic developments in economies around the world and the instability of governments
 including the threat of war
 terrorist attacks
epidemic or civil unrest; 
 








pandemics
 such as the flu
 which may adversely affect our workforce as well as our local suppliers and customers; 






earthquakes
 tsunamis
 floods or other major disasters that may limit the supply of nuts or other products that we purchase abroad;






tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers
 other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements imposed by governments;













increased costs
 disruptions in shipping or reduced availability of freight transportation; 



















difficulties and costs associated with complying with U.S. laws and regulations applicable to entities with overseas operations;













varying regulatory
 tax
 judicial and administrative practices in the jurisdictions where we operate; 






difficulties associated with operating under a wide variety of complex foreign laws
 treaties and regulations; and 










A significant portion of our assets are goodwill and other intangible assets
 the majority of which are not amortized but are reviewed at
least annually for impairment. If the carrying value of these assets exceeds the current fair value
 the asset is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value resulting in a non-cash charge to earnings. Events and conditions that could result in
impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common stock
 increased competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or obsolescence
 or product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the
product life. To the extent our market capitalization
 increased by a reasonable control premium
 results in a fair value of our common stock that is below our net book value
 or if other indicators of potential impairment are present
 then we will
be required to take further steps to determine if an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets has occurred and to calculate an impairment loss. Based on our intangible asset impairment test as of June&nbsp;30
 2013
 we determined that the
Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired. We recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge within the asset impairments line on the consolidated statement of operations. For further information refer to Note 6 to the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. If there are future changes in our stock price
 or significant changes in the business climate or operating results of our reporting units
 we may incur additional impairment charges related to this trade name or
our other intangible assets and goodwill. At July&nbsp;31
 2012
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $840.2 million
 compared to total assets of approximately $1
299.3 million and total shareholders&#146;
equity of approximately $324.8 million. At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $789.2 million
 compared to total assets of approximately $1
172.3 million and total shareholders&#146;
equity of approximately $166.7 million. 
 



 
We are highly leveraged and have substantial debt service requirements that could adversely affect our ability to fulfill our debt
obligations


 and might limit our ability to take advantage of
potential business opportunities.&nbsp;Our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our financial and operating performance
 which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to financial
business and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay the principal of
 or interest on
 our indebtedness
 or to fund our other liquidity needs
 including working capital
capital expenditures
This high degree of leverage
could have other important consequences for us
 including: 





increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic
 industry or competitive developments; 






exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates because our secured credit facility is at variable rates of interest;






making it more difficult to satisfy obligations with respect to our indebtedness
 including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions
which could result in an event of default under the agreements governing the indebtedness; 












limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 product development
 debt service requirements
acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and 





placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors who are less highly leveraged and who therefore
 may be able to take advantage
Our debt agreements contain
representations
 warranties
 affirmative and negative covenants and financial ratios


 warranties or affirmative and negative covenants contained in our credit facilities and outstanding senior notes
 or other financing arrangements
 including our
inability to comply with the financial ratios required under any of those arrangements
 could trigger events of default. As a result of the errors identified causing the restatement of our fiscal 2010
 fiscal 2011 and second quarter fiscal 2013
consolidated financial statements
 we were in default under our secured credit facility and other financing arrangements for failing to comply with certain representations and warranties and not complying with our covenants
 including delivering
Although we have obtained waivers from
our lenders for events of default to date
 if any further events of default occur and we are not able either to cure it or to obtain a waiver from the requisite lenders or noteholders
 our lenders or note holders may declare outstanding obligations
with accrued interest and fees
 to be immediately due and payable. Such acceleration of our outstanding financial obligations could result in additional lenders or noteholders declaring other outstanding obligations to be immediately due and
payable. In addition
 upon any event of default
 the administrative agent under our secured credit facility may
 and at the request of the requisite lenders shall
 terminate the lenders&#146; commitments under the revolving credit facility and cease
making further loans and could institute foreclosure proceedings against our pledged assets. 
 



Our debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating
Our secured credit facility
 our outstanding senior notes and our other financing arrangements contain
various covenants that may limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions. These covenants limit our ability to
 among other things: 





incur indebtedness
 including capital leases; 





































consolidate
 merge
 sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; 






make restricted payments
 which could limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock; and 








 cash equivalents and revolving credit available at all times
 beginning February&nbsp;1
 2013. As of July&nbsp;31
2013
 the revolving credit facility had $230 million in capacity
 of which $154 million was outstanding. The capacity under the revolving credit facility will decrease to $180 million effective January&nbsp;31
 2014. We believe we will have
sufficient liquidity for at least the next twelve months to meet this covenant. Additionally
 beginning on October&nbsp;31
 2013
 our Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio
 as defined in the Third Amendment to the Secured Credit Facility
 will be
limited to no more than 4.70 to 1.00 and the fixed charge coverage ratio to no less than 2.00 to 1.00. The Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio
 as defined in the Third Amendment
 will decline each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter
ending July&nbsp;31
A breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default
 which could harm our
We are highly leveraged and have substantial debt service obligations
 which could
If our cash flows and capital resources are
insufficient to fund our debt service obligations
 we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures
 sell assets
 seek additional capital
 or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We may not be able to take any of these actions
 or they
may not be sufficient for us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. If our operating results are not adequate and we are not able to secure adequate capital resources
 we could face liquidity problems and be required to dispose of assets or
operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. Since our existing debt agreements restrict our ability to dispose of assets
 we may not be able to consummate those dispositions
 which could impair our ability to meet our debt service


The trading price of our common stock is volatile and subject to fluctuations in price in response to various factors
 many of which are
beyond our control
 including: 












changes in our revenues
 earnings
 prospects or recommendations of securities analysts who follow our stock or our industry;

 








publication of research reports about us or our industry by any securities analysts who follow our stock or our industry;



















general market conditions
 including economic factors unrelated to our performance; 






an outstanding warrant
 which is accounted for as a derivative liability with gains or losses included in (gain) loss on warrant liability in
our statements of operations; and 






In the past
 securities class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their
stock price
 particularly when the stock price drops. Defending litigation of this type could cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management&#146;s attention and resources from our core business. We are currently involved in securities
class action litigation
 as well as shareholder derivative litigation


Oaktree Capital Management L.P. (&#147;Oaktree&#148;)
 which is one of our creditors and beneficially owns a significant equity position
in Diamond through its warrant holdings may have interests that diverge from our interests and the interests of our stockholders. In addition
 so long as Oaktree maintains ownership of specified thresholds of its warrant and senior note holdings
 it
will have the right to nominate up to two members of our board of directors and will be entitled to certain information rights and a right to participate in future offerings of our equity securities. Oaktree is in the business of investing in
companies and is not restricted from&nbsp;investing in our current or future competitors.&nbsp;Future events may give rise to a divergence of interests between Oaktree and us or our other security holders. 
A substantial number of shares of our common stock may be issued upon exercise of an outstanding warrant issued to Oaktree
 which
Oaktree is the holder of a warrant to purchase up to
approximately 4.4&nbsp;million shares of our common stock
 which is currently exercisable. The warrant is accounted for as a derivative liability with gains or losses included in (gain) loss on warrant liability in our statements of operations. If
the warrant is exercised
We are obligated to
issue a substantial number of shares in connection with our recent securities litigation settlement agreement
 which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
In connection with an agreement that we entered into to settle a private securities class action against us and two of our former
officers
 we agreed to pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue approximately 4.45&nbsp;million shares of our common stock to a settlement fund. The timing of issuance has not yet been determined
 and we have the ability to privately place
 or
conduct a public offering of
 the shares with the consent of the lead plaintiff and its counsel prior to distribution of the settlement fund. In that event
 the settlement fund would include the proceeds of the offering in lieu of the settlement
shares. Any such issuance of shares
 when and if it occurs
 will have a dilutive effect on our total outstanding shares
 and may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Until the settlement shares are distributed
 the liability
associated with the agreement to issue the settlement shares will be adjusted from period to period based on changes in our stock price
 with the effect of the change included in our statement of operations. 
 



Our ability to raise capital in the future may be limited
 and our failure to raise
The timing and amount of our working capital
and capital expenditure requirements may vary significantly as a result of many factors
 including: 

























access to and availability of sufficient management
 technical
 marketing and financial personnel. 
If our capital resources are not sufficient to satisfy our liquidity needs
 we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or
obtain other debt financing. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. Additional debt would result in increased expenses and could result in covenants that would restrict
our operations. With the exception of the secured credit facility
 we have not made arrangements to obtain additional financing. We may not be able to obtain additional financing
 if required
 in amounts or on terms acceptable to us
 or at all.

We have adopted a stockholder rights plan and will issue one preferred stock purchase right with each share of our common stock that we
issue. Each right will entitle the holder to purchase one one-hundredth of a share of our Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock. Under certain circumstances
 if a person or group acquires 15% or more of our outstanding common stock
 holders
of the rights (other than the person or group triggering their exercise) will be able to purchase
 in exchange for the $60.00 exercise price
 shares of our common stock or of any company into which we are merged having a value of $120.00. The rights
expire in March 2015 unless extended by our board of directors. Because the rights may substantially dilute the stock ownership of a person or group attempting to acquire us without the approval of our board of directors
 our rights plan could make
it more difficult for a third party to acquire us (or a significant percentage of our outstanding capital stock) without first negotiating with our board of directors regarding such acquisition. In connection with the sale and issuance of notes and
warrant to Oaktree
In
addition
 our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock (of which 500
000 shares have been designated as Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock) and to determine the price
 rights
 preferences
privileges and restrictions
 including voting rights
 of those shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The rights of the holders of our common stock may be subject to
 and may be adversely affected by
 the rights of the
Further
 some provisions of our charter documents
 including
provisions establishing a classified board of directors
 eliminating the ability of stockholders to take action by written consent and limiting the ability of stockholders to raise matters at a meeting of stockholders without giving advance notice
may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control or our management
 which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our stock. Further
 we are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section&nbsp;203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law
 which will prohibit an &#147;interested stockholder&#148; from engaging in a &#147;business combination&#148; with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested
stockholder
 even if such combination is favored by a majority of stockholders
 unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. All of the foregoing could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or
management. 
 













 California. This facility consists of approximately 635
000 square feet of office and production space and 120
000 square feet of refrigerated storage
space. We own three production facilities associated with our potato chip products consisting of approximately 70
000 square feet of office and production space in Salem
 Oregon
 approximately 123
000 square feet of office and production space in
Norwich
 England
 and 140
000 square feet of office and production space in Beloit
 Wisconsin. We lease office space in San Francisco
 California. Two additional production facilities are located in Robertsdale
 Alabama
 and Van Buren
 Indiana. We
own the Robertsdale facility which consists of approximately 55
000 square feet of office and production space and 15
000 square feet of refrigerated storage space. It is closed and is currently held for sale. We also lease a production facility in
Fishers
 Indiana which is currently not used by us for manufacturing. The Fishers facility consists of approximately 117
000 square feet of office and production space and 60
000 square feet of warehouse/storage space. The leases on the Fishers
facility are non-cancellable operating leases which expire in 2015 and 2019. Refer to Note 10 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our consolidation of our manufacturing operations and closure of our
facility in Fishers
 Indiana. We own the Van Buren facility
 in which a co-packer manufactures our popcorn products
 which is approximately 40
000 square feet and is located on the co-packer&#146;s manufacturing campus. Finally
 we lease warehousing
facilities in California
 Georgia
 Illinois
 Indiana
 New Jersey
 Oregon
 Wisconsin
We believe that
our facilities are generally well maintained and are in good operating condition
 and will be adequate for our needs for the foreseeable future. 





 various putative shareholder class action and derivative complaints were filed in federal and state court against Diamond and certain current and former Diamond
In re Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Securities Litigation 
Beginning on November&nbsp;7
 2011
 the first of a number of putative securities class action suits was filed in the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California against Diamond and certain of its former executive officers (&#147;defendants&#148;). These suits allege that defendants made materially false and misleading statements
 or failed to disclose
material facts
 regarding Diamond&#146;s financial results
 operations and prospects
 including its accounting for payments to walnut growers and the anticipated closing of Diamond&#146;s proposed merger of the Pringles business from The
Procter&nbsp;&amp; Gamble Company. On January&nbsp;24
 2012

 Securities Litigation
 2012
 the court appointed a lead plaintiff
 and on
June&nbsp;13
 2012
 the court appointed lead counsel for the plaintiff. On July&nbsp;30
 2012
 an amended complaint was filed in the consolidated action naming Diamond
 certain of its former executive officers and our former independent auditor as
defendants. The amended complaint purports to allege claims covering the period from October&nbsp;5
 2010 through February&nbsp;8
 2012
 and seeks compensatory damages
 interest thereon
 costs and expenses incurred in the action and other relief. On
September&nbsp;28
 2012
 Diamond moved to dismiss the action. On November&nbsp;30
 2012
 the court denied Diamond&#146;s motion allowing the matter to proceed
 with respect to Diamond and the former executive officers
 and dismissed claims against
Diamond&#146;s former independent auditor with leave to amend. On December&nbsp;21
 2012
 Diamond and the former executive officers filed answers to the amended complaint. On May&nbsp;6
 2013
 the court certified a class in the consolidated action.
Thereafter
 the parties reached a proposed agreement
 subject to final court approval
 to settle the action. 
 



 
On August&nbsp;21
 2013
 a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement was filed
 which was granted on September&nbsp;26
 2013. A final approval hearing is currently scheduled for
January&nbsp;9
 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the preliminarily approved settlement
 Diamond would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund to resolve all claims asserted on behalf
of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Diamond stock between October&nbsp;5
 2010 and February&nbsp;8
 2012
 inclusive. A portion of the $11.0 million in cash would be funded by Diamond&#146;s insurers. Pursuant to the preliminary approval
motion
 the estimated value of the 4.45&nbsp;million shares of Diamond&#146;s common stock was valued at $85.1 million based on the closing market price of Diamond&#146;s common stock on the day before the preliminary approval motion was filed
August&nbsp;20
 2013. With respect to the 4.45&nbsp;million shares
 Diamond would have the ability to privately place
 or conduct a public offering of
 the shares with the consent of the lead plaintiff and its counsel
 prior to distribution of the
settlement fund. In that event


Beginning on
November&nbsp;14
 2011
 three putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court for the State of California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond Foods and naming certain executive officers and the members
of our board of directors as individual defendants. On January&nbsp;17
 2012

 Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative Litigation
 2012
plaintiffs filed their consolidated complaint
 naming certain current and former executive officers and members of our board
 and our former independent auditor
 as individual defendants. The consolidated complaint arises from the same or similar
alleged facts as alleged in the federal securities action and the federal derivative litigation (discussed in the next paragraph below)
 and purported to set forth claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control and gross
mismanagement
 and against the former independent auditor for professional negligence and breach of contract. The suit seeks the recovery of unspecified damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 which is named as a nominal defendant
 corporate
reforms
 disgorgement
 restitution
 the recovery of plaintiff&#146;s attorney&#146;s fees and other relief. On August&nbsp;20
 2012
 Diamond filed a demurrer seeking to dismiss the action. On October&nbsp;23
 2012
 the court sustained Diamond&#146;s
demurrer with leave to amend the complaint excluding the gross mismanagement claim
 which the court sustained with prejudice. Following mediation efforts
 an agreement in principle to settle all derivative claims on behalf of Diamond was reached by
plaintiffs and the current and former executive officers and members of Diamond&#146;s board. The agreement also sought to resolve certain litigation demands by various shareholders of Diamond Foods

Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 2013
 plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. On June&nbsp;14
 2013
 the court
preliminarily approved the settlement. On August&nbsp;19
 2013
 the court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement and judgment was entered the same day. On September&nbsp;23
 2013
 a Notice to Appeal was filed by one of the
plaintiffs in the dismissed federal derivative case

 Inc.
In re
Diamond Foods
 Inc.
Beginning on November&nbsp;28
 2011
 two putative shareholder derivative
lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond Foods and naming certain current and former executive officers and members of our board of directors as individual
defendants. On February&nbsp;16
 2012

 Inc.
 Derivative Litigation
 2012
 again naming certain current and former
executive officers and members of our board of directors as individual defendants
 and also adding our former independent auditor as a defendant. The suit was based on essentially the same allegations as those in the federal securities action and
the state derivative litigation
 and purported to set forth claims under Section&nbsp;14 (a)&nbsp;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 alleging that defendants made materially false or misleading statements or omissions in proxy statements issued
on or about November&nbsp;26
 2010 and on or about September&nbsp;26
 2011
 and for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 contribution and indemnification
 gross mismanagement and
 against our

 



 
auditor
 for professional negligence
 accounting malpractice and aiding and abetting the breach of fiduciary duties of the other individual defendants. The suit sought to recover unspecified
damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 which was named as a nominal defendant
 corporate reforms
 restitution
 equitable and/or injunctive relief
 to recover plaintiff&#146;s attorney&#146;s fees and other relief. On April&nbsp;16
 2012
 Diamond
moved to dismiss the action. On May&nbsp;29
 2012
 the court granted Diamond&#146;s motion and dismissed the action with prejudice
 based on lack of subject matter jurisdiction related to deficiencies in plaintiffs&#146; Section&nbsp;14(a) claims.
The court entered judgment in favor of Diamond the same day. On June&nbsp;4
 2012
 one of the plaintiffs in the consolidated matter filed a Notice of Appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
 seeking to appeal the
May&nbsp;29
 2012 order granting Diamond&#146;s motion to dismiss. On October&nbsp;12
 2012
 the appellant filed his opening brief. Diamond filed its answering brief on November&nbsp;27
 2012 and appellant filed his reply brief on December&nbsp;28
Astor BK Realty Trust v. Diamond Foods
 Inc. 
On February&nbsp;22

 
certain of Diamond&#146;s records pursuant to Section&nbsp;220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 as a possible prelude to the shareholder bringing a derivative action.&nbsp;On August&nbsp;26
 2013
 in connection with the settlement of the

 Shareholder Derivative Litigation


 2011
 Diamond received a
formal order of investigation from the Division of Enforcement of the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;). We have also had contact with the U.S. Attorney&#146;s office for the Northern District of California. We have
cooperated with the government and expect to continue to do so. 
Diamond is involved in various legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe it is feasible to predict or
determine the outcome or resolution of the above litigation proceedings
 or to estimate the amounts of
 or potential range of
 loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition
 the timing of the final resolution of these proceedings is uncertain.
The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against us or settlements that could require substantial payments by us
 which could have a material impact on Diamond&#146;s financial position
 results of operations
and cash flows. 





 



 




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock trades under the symbol &#147;DMND&#148; as a Global Select security on the NASDAQ Stock
Market LLC. The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low sales prices of our common stock on the NASDAQ Stock Market and quarterly cash dividends declared on common shares: 




























Year Ended July&nbsp;31
 2013:





































































Year Ended July 31
 2012:




































































Certain of our credit agreements specify limitations on the amount of dividends that may be declared or


 2013
 we had approximately 871 holders of record of our common stock
 although we believe that there are a larger number of beneficial owners. As of September&nbsp;30
 2013
 there
were 22
338
The following are details of repurchases of common stock during the three
months ended July&nbsp;31
 2013: 




























of
shares


under
the


Repurchases from May&nbsp;1 &#151; May&nbsp;31
 2013


11
560














Repurchases from June&nbsp;1 &#151; June&nbsp;30
 2013


1
646














Repurchases from July&nbsp;1 &#151; July&nbsp;31
 2013






































13
335



































All of the shares in the table above were originally granted to employees as restricted stock pursuant to our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;EIP&#148;). Pursuant to
the EIP
 all of the shares reflected above were relinquished by employees in exchange for Diamond&#146;s agreement to pay federal and state withholding obligations resulting from the vesting of the restricted stock. The repurchases reflected above
were not made pursuant to a publicly announced plan. 
 








 2013: 












































(In thousands
 except per share information)





864
012



981
418



966
688



682
326



570
940





658
489



801
697



750
209



537
484



435
344



























205
523



179
721



216
479



144
842



135
596
























Selling
 general and administrative (c)


233
373



130
599



97
506



64
551



60
971





41
528



37
933



45
035



33
726



28
785









41
334



20
350



11
328









11
326



10
360

















37
560



10
132







































323
787



230
358



162
891



109
605



89
756



























(118
264



(50
637



53
588



35
237



45
840


Interest expense
 net (e)


57
925



33
976



23
918



10
180



6
255


Other expenses
 net














1
849































(176
189



(84
613



29
670



23
208



38
687





(12
957



1
723



3
103



7
532



14
944



























(163
232



(86
336



26
567



15
676



23
743



















































































































21
813



21
692



21
577



18
313



16
073





21
813



21
692



22
233



18
843



16
391



























In fiscal 2013
 net sales decreased as a result of the Nuts segment. This decrease was driven by decline in volume due to lower walnut supply
 planned reduction in SKUs
and promotional sales. In March 2010
 we acquired Kettle Foods. Kettle Foods contributed net sales of $97.0 million for fiscal 2010. In September 2008
 we acquired Pop Secret. 



In fiscal 2013
 we increased gross profit due to an increase in net price realization and our cost saving initiatives. 



In fiscal 2013
 we incurred costs related to our turnaround strategy and $96.1 million related to the settlement of our private securities class action case. In fiscal
2012
 we incurred costs of $17.4 million due to an Audit Committee investigation and our financial restatement. 



In fiscal 2013
 we recorded asset impairment charges of $36.0 million related to our brand intangibles and $1.6 million related to our customer contracts and related
relationships. In fiscal 2012
 we recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with Fishers equipment. 



In fiscal 2012
 we incurred $225 million in indebtedness at an interest rate of 12% and our interest rate on the secured credit facility increased. Please refer to the
&#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#151;Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148; for more information. This amount also includes third party costs related to the debt transaction and our
secured credit agreement. 



In March 2012
 we suspended dividend payments to stockholders. 
 





























Year Ended July 31


















































5
885



3
291



3
112



5
642



24
802





(59
540



61
587



52
446



62
608



51
422





1
172
315



1
299
349



1
322
907



1
236
072



394
892


Total debt
 including short-term debt


590
937



605
047



531
701



556
100



115
085





166
720



324
794



420
495



376
543



173
341








 marketing and distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts. In
2004
 brand by
 brand. In 2008


 which provided us with increased scale in the snack market. In 2010
 we
acquired Kettle Foods
 a leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip markets in the world
 the United States and the United Kingdom

<FONT

 we sell directly to retailers
 particularly larger national grocery store and drug store chains
 and indirectly through wholesale distributors to independent and small regional retail grocery
store chains and convenience stores. We sell our products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 other retail channels and non-retail channels
 such as
Our business is seasonal. In sourcing walnuts
 we contract directly with growers for their
walnut crop. We typically receive walnuts during the period from September to November
 and we pay for the crop throughout the year in accordance with our walnut purchase agreements with the growers. We typically receive in-shell pecans during the
period from October to March
 and shelled pecans throughout the fiscal year
 and pay for them over those periods on receipt. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel and working capital requirements and walnut inventories peak during the last
four months of the calendar year. We experience seasonality in capacity utilization at our Stockton
 California facility associated with the annual walnut harvest and seasonal in-shell and culinary product demand. Refer to Note 10 to the Notes to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on our consolidation of our manufacturing operations and closure of our facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Generally
 we receive and pay for approximately 50% of the corn for popcorn in
November


 we changed our operating and reportable segments. We previously had one operating and reportable segment; we now aggregate our operating segments into two
reportable segments


 2010
 2011
 2012 and 2013
 as
&#147;fiscal 2010
&#148; &#147;fiscal 2011
&#148; &#147;fiscal 2012&#148; and &#147;fiscal 2013
Critical Accounting
Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of our assets
 liabilities
 revenues

 



 
and expenses. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making
judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Our critical accounting policies are set forth below. 
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 title and
risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount we
accrue for promotion is based on an estimate of the level of performance of the trade promotion
 and is based upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and sales and
payment trends with similar previously offered programs. Customers have the right to return certain products. Product returns are estimated based upon historical results and are reflected as a reduction in sales. 
 All inventories are accounted for on a lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or weighted average) or market basis. We
have entered into walnut purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and pursuant to our walnut purchase agreements
 we determine the price for this inventory after receipt and
by the end of the fiscal year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market conditions
 crop size
 quality and nut varieties
 among other relevant factors. Since the ultimate
purchase price to be paid will be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 we estimate the final purchase price for our interim financial statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to changes in the factors described
above and the effect of the change could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost of goods sold if the inventory is sold through. 
Property
 Plant and Equipment.
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment and software. 
 We periodically review long-lived assets and
certain identifiable intangible assets for impairment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 360

 Plant
 and Equipment
their estimated useful lives of 20 years. Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 350



<FONT

 including estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth
rates for our business
 the expected life over which cash flows will be realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and any impairment charge.
While the fair value of these assets exceeds their carrying value based on our current estimates and assumptions
 materially different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to changing economic conditions
 changes in our business or
For assets to be held and used
 including acquired
intangible assets and long-lived assets subject to amortization
 we initiate our review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is measured by
comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.
Significant management judgment is required in this process. 
 



For brand intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we test for impairment annually
 or
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In testing brand intangibles for impairment
 we compare the fair value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is based on the
relief from royalty method
 which models the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that approximates our estimated cost of capital. If we were to experience a decrease in forecasted future revenues attributable to the brands
 this could indicate a potential impairment.
If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is considered impaired
 and an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the brand intangible
asset. We performed our annual intangible asset impairment analysis as of June&nbsp;30
 2013 using discount rates ranging from 11% to 11.5% and determined that the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired based on a decrease in
forecasted future revenues and earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) margin. We recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge within the asset impairments line on our consolidated statement of operations. At June&nbsp;30
 2013
 the remaining brand
We perform our annual goodwill
impairment test required by ASC 350 as of June&nbsp;30th of each year. During fiscal 2012
 we adopted ASU No.&nbsp;2011-08
For both fiscal 2013 and fiscal
2012
 we elected to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis rather than a qualitative analysis. As a result of our segment reporting changes for the period ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 goodwill impairment will now be tested at the
reporting units
 which are the same as our operating segments. In fiscal 2012
 we performed our goodwill impairment test at our single reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit is calculated using a blend of the income and the market
approach. Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an income approach
 using a discounted
cash flow analysis
 include (i)&nbsp;forecasted sales growth rates and (ii)&nbsp;forecasted profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration of historical performance and management&#146;s estimate of future performance
 and
(iii)&nbsp;discount rates that are used to calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of
market and capital structure assumptions. The major assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant
change in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply could have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which could have a direct impact on the profitability of the reporting units.&nbsp;Future business results
could significantly impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment existed
 and the size of any such impairment. At July&nbsp;31
 2012
 the carrying value of goodwill
and other intangible assets totaled approximately $840.2 million
 compared to total assets of approximately $1
299.3&nbsp;million and total shareholders&#146; equity of approximately $324.8 million. At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the carrying value of
goodwill and other intangible assets totaled approximately $789.2 million
 compared to total assets of approximately $1
172.3 million and total shareholders&#146; equity of approximately $166.7 million. We performed our annual goodwill impairment
analysis as of June&nbsp;30
 2013 using discount rates ranging from 11% to 11.5%. Goodwill was determined not to be impaired and the fair values of the reporting units were substantially in excess of their carrying values except for the Emerald
reporting unit. The Emerald fair value exceeded the carrying value by a margin of less than 10% due to a decrease in forecasted future revenues and margins. This reporting unit represents approximately 5% of our goodwill balance as of July&nbsp;31
2013. While the Emerald reporting unit passed the first step of the impairment test as of June&nbsp;30
 2013
 if our revenue growth projections or the discount rate were to change in the future
 it could adversely affect the estimated fair value.
For example
 holding all other assumptions constant at the testing date
 a one percentage point increase in the discount rate used in the testing of this reporting unit could reduce the fair value below its carrying value
 indicating a possible
impairment. 
 



We cannot guarantee that we will not record a material impairment charge in the future.
Changes in our results
 assumptions or estimates could materially affect the estimation of the fair value of a reporting unit and
 therefore
 could reduce the excess of fair value over the carrying value of a reporting unit entirely and could result
in goodwill impairment.&nbsp;Events and conditions that could indicate impairment include a sustained drop in the market price of our common stock
 increased competition or loss of market share
 lack of product innovation or obsolescence
 or product
claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over a period of time. For example
 an expected decline in long term forecasted cash flow projections
 such as net sales for a reporting unit
 could indicate a fair value which is
lower than carrying value. To the extent calculated fair values decline to a level lower than reporting unit carrying values
 or if other indicators of potential impairment are present
 we will be required to take further steps to determine if an
 We incur various
employment-related benefit costs with respect to qualified and nonqualified pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
compensation increases
 employee turnover and mortality rates. Different assumptions could result in the recognition of differing amounts of expense over different periods of time. 
 We account for the warrant issued as part of the Oaktree transaction as a freestanding
derivative financial instrument. We record derivative financial instruments at fair value in our consolidated balance sheet at the point the transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
changes in the fair value of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period earnings. 
We account for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
s&#148; This guidance requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax
basis of recorded assets and liabilities at current tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on both our historical and anticipated earnings levels and is reviewed periodically to determine if any additional valuation allowance is necessary when it is more likely than not that
There are inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax regulations in the
jurisdictions in which we operate. We may take tax positions that management believes are supportable
 but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the applicable taxing authority. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in
accordance with the guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We review these tax uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as the progress of tax audits
 and adjust them accordingly. Differences between management&#146;s
position and taxing authorities on issues could result in an increase or decrease to tax expense


 including stock option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with the provisions of ASC
718
.&#148; Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over
the vesting period. We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model requires us to make assumptions such as expected term
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the
stock options&#146; fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If actual results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 we
may be required to increase or decrease compensation expense
 which could be material to our results of operations. 
 





 2013
 we
reached a proposed agreement
 preliminary approval of which was granted on September&nbsp;26
 2013
 subject to final court approval
 to settle the private securities class action that is pending against us and two of our former officers. A final
approval hearing is currently scheduled for January&nbsp;9
 2014. Under the terms of the preliminarily approved settlement
 we would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund to
resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Diamond stock between October&nbsp;5
 2010 and February&nbsp;8
 2012
 inclusive. A portion of the $11.0 million in cash would be funded by our insurers. We
recognized an aggregate settlement liability of $96.1 million in the fourth fiscal quarter which included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the stock market on August&nbsp;20
 2013
based on our closing market price on the day before the preliminary approval motion. The value of the 4.45 million shares of common stock at July&nbsp;31
 2013 was $90.7 million. Until the settlement shares are distributed
 the liability associated
with the agreement to issue the settlement shares will be adjusted from period to period based on changes in our stock price
 with the effect of the change included in our statement of operations. 
Net sales were $864.0 million and $981.4 million for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The decrease in net sales was primarily
due to decreased Nuts sales partially offset by an increase in Snacks sales. Sales incentives (primarily promotional allowances
 coupons and slotting) as a percentage of gross sales decreased approximately 3% year over year. Sales incentives are




















Year Ended July&nbsp;31



2013
to 2012




























437
955



425
175









426
057



556
243























864
012



981
418





































152
133



128
122









53
390



51
599























205
523



179
721



















Snacks segment net sales increased to $438.0 million in fiscal 2013 from $425.2 million in fiscal 2012
Nuts segment net sales decreased to $426.1 million in fiscal 2013
from $556.2 million in fiscal 2012 primarily driven by decreases in volume of 34%
 partially offset by an increase in net price realization. The decline in volume was primarily driven by lower walnut supply
 planned reductions in SKU&#146;s
 and
 Snacks segment gross profit as a percentage of snack net sales was 34.7% and 30.1%
for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increase in the Snacks segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 reflects an increase in net price realization and a reduction in unit processing
Nuts segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales was 12.5% and 9.3% for
fiscal 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The increase in Nuts segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2013 reflects a focus on increasing net price realization
 rationalization of lower performing SKU&#146;s
 and our cost savings
initiatives
 offset in part by an increase in certain commodity costs. 
 



Selling
 general and administrative.
 general and administrative expenses
consist principally of salaries and benefits for sales and administrative personnel
 brokerage
 professional services
 travel
 non-manufacturing depreciation and facility costs. Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $233.4 million and
$130.6 million
 and 27.0% and 13.3% of net sales
 for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased for fiscal 2013
 over the prior year period primarily due to the $96.1 million settlement of the
private securities class action case. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 we have recorded a $12.1 million receivable from insurers which will be used for the cash payment and settlement of other legal related expenses. The increase was also attributable to
higher consulting services and restatement audit fees
 offset in part by lower costs incurred in connection with the audit committee investigation and reversal of previously recorded stock compensation expenses associated with former executives as
 Advertising expenses were $41.5 million and $37.9 million
 and 4.8% and 3.9% of
net sales
 for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increase in advertising expenses for fiscal 2013 was primarily due to increased spending related to the continued support of the Pop Secret and Kettle brands. 
 Acquisition and integration related expenses include items such as
transaction related legal and consulting fees
 as well as business and systems integration costs
 which were primarily associated with the proposed Pringles merger. In fiscal 2013
 there were no acquisition and integration related expenses. In
&#148;.
 Loss on warrant liability was $11.3 million and $10.4 million
 and 1.3% and 1.1% of net
sales for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increase in loss is due to the change in the fair value of the warrant liability. Please refer to &#147;
 In fiscal 2013
 asset impairments were $37.6 million and 4.3% of net sales. In the third fiscal quarter we
recorded an impairment charge of $1.6 million associated with customer contacts and related relationships. In the fourth fiscal quarter
 we determined that the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired and recorded a $36.0
million impairment charge. In fiscal 2012
 asset impairments were $10.1 million and 1.0% of net sales. We recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1 million in fiscal 2012 associated with Fishers equipment that either was not currently being
Interest expense
 net.
was $57.9 million and $34.0 million
 and 6.7% and 3.5% of net sales
 for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 respectively. The increases were primarily due to higher interest rates and the Oaktree debt. Additionally
 under the Waiver and Third Amendment to
our Secured Credit Facility
 (&#147;Third Amendment&#148;) described below
 the interest rates applicable under the Secured Credit Facility
 defined below
&#148;.
 Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 were 7.35% and (2.0%)
 respectively.&nbsp;The
difference between the effective tax rate and the statutory rate of 35%
 in these periods
 is primarily due to the valuation allowance which was provided to reduce United States and state deferred tax assets to amounts considered recoverable and
United States and state deferred taxes from Diamond&#146;s long lived intangibles&#146; amortization. These tax expense impacts were offset by the benefits of income generated in the United Kingdom at lower tax rates and the release of liabilities


 and the conclusion of a tax ruling with the United Kingdom tax authorities. This resulted in a net tax benefit of $5.6
million
 attributable to the reversal of our unrecognized tax benefit related to this event. 
 



During the three months ended April&nbsp;30
 2012
 we recorded a tax valuation allowance
charge of $27.6 million. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 we regularly evaluate the need for a valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets based on the likelihood that the benefits of the deferred tax assets would or
would not ultimately be realized in future periods. In making this assessment
 significant weight was given to evidence that could be objectively verified such as recent operating results and less consideration was given to less objective indicators
such as future earnings projections.&nbsp;As a result of its most recent evaluation and after consideration of positive and negative evidence
 including the recent history of losses in the current fiscal year
 we evaluated our valuation allowance
for fiscal 2013 and increased the valuation allowance to $99.3 million as of July&nbsp;31
Fiscal 2012 Compared
Net sales were $981.4 million and $966.7 million for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. The
increase in net sales was primarily due to increased snack sales and increased culinary and retail in-shell sales. Sales incentives (primarily promotional allowances
 coupons and slotting) as a percentage of gross sales increased approximately 4%




















Year Ended July&nbsp;31



%&nbsp;Change&nbsp;
from




























425
175



403
701









556
243



562
987























981
418



966
688





































128
122



131
807









51
599



84
672























179
721



216
479



















Snacks segment net sales increased to $425.2 million in fiscal 2012 from $403.7 million in fiscal 2011
driven by sales incentives (primarily promotional allowances
 coupons and slotting). Additionally
 the increase in Snacks segment net sales were driven by increases in volume by 5%. 
Nuts segment net sales decreased to $556.2 million in fiscal 2012 from $563.0 million in fiscal 2011 primarily driven by decreases in
volume of 17%. Additionally
 the number of contracted walnut growers and delivered pounds decreased in fiscal 2012
 reducing available walnut supply and contributing to the decrease in the Nuts segment. 
 Snacks segment gross profit as a percentage of snack net sales was 30.1% and 32.6% for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
respectively. The slight decrease in the Snacks segment gross profit as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2012 as compared to fiscal 2011 was primarily due to additional depreciation associated with our plant expansion in Salem
 Oregon and our
Beloit
 Wisconsin plant that was completed at the end of fiscal 2012
Nuts segment gross profit
as a percentage of net sales was 9.3% and 15.0% for fiscal 2012 and 2011
 respectively. The decrease was mainly due to a substantial decline in walnut crop deliveries and higher commodity costs
 particularly for walnuts
 partially offset by price
increases taken in response to those rising costs. 
 



Selling
 general and administrative.
 general and administrative expenses
consist principally of salaries and benefits for sales and administrative personnel
 brokerage
 professional services
 travel
 non-manufacturing depreciation and facility costs. Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $130.6 million and
$97.5 million
 and 13.3% and 10.1% as a percentage of net sales
 for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. The increase was primarily due to the costs incurred in fiscal 2012 as a result of the Audit Committee investigation and related lawsuits
of $17.4 million
 retention and severance plans of $2.6 million
 and consulting services of $9.6 million. 
Advertising expenses were $37.9 million and $45.0 million
 and 3.9% and 4.7% as a percentage of net sales
 for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. The decrease was primarily due to programs cancelled during fiscal 2012 in an effort to reduce
 Acquisition and integration related expenses include items
such as transaction related legal and consulting fees
 as well as business and systems integration costs. On February&nbsp;15
 2012
 Diamond and P&amp;G mutually agreed to terminate the proposed merger. Acquisition and integration related expenses
associated with the proposed Pringles merger and Kettle Foods integration were $41.3 million for fiscal 2012
 which included Pringles termination expenses of $7.0 million
 the majority of which were capitalized in fiscal 2011 and subsequently
expensed in fiscal 2012
 including contract termination costs related to facilities and software that were no longer needed due to the termination of the merger. Acquisition and integration related expenses associated with the proposed Pringles
 Loss on warrant
liability was $10.4 million and nil
 and 1.1% and 0% of net sales for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. The increase is due to the change in the fair value of the warrant liability entered into in fiscal 2012. Please refer to
 Asset impairments include equipment impairment
charges and were $10.1 million and nil
 and 1.0% and 0% for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. In fiscal 2012
 we recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with Fishers equipment that either was not currently being
Interest expense
 net.
was $34.0 million and $23.9 million
 and 3.5% and 2.5% of net sales
 for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 respectively. The increase is primarily due to issuance expenses associated with the Oaktree agreements
 and the third party costs incurred in
connection with the Second Amendment
 defined below

 Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 were
(2.0%)&nbsp;and 10.5%
 respectively.&nbsp;Our 2012 effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to not benefiting tax losses by establishing a valuation allowance on federal and state net deferred assets taxes in
the three months ended April&nbsp;30
 2012. In the third fiscal quarter
 as a result of cumulative losses
 we concluded that a valuation allowance was required on certain U.S. and state deferred tax assets (principally net operating losses


 and the conclusion of a tax ruling with the United Kingdom tax authorities. This resulted in a net tax benefit of $5.6
million
 attributable to the reversal of our unrecognized tax benefit related to this event. Our 2011 effective rate was lower than the statutory rate due to 2011 earnings taxed at lower rates in the United Kingdom&nbsp;and by discrete tax benefits
primarily deferred tax adjustments for enacted tax law change in the United Kingdom
 Wisconsin and California. 
 



 
On April&nbsp;5
 2011
 Diamond entered into a definitive agreement with The Procter&nbsp;&amp; Gamble Company (&#147;P&amp;G&#148;) to
merge P&amp;G&#146;s Pringles business into the Company; on February&nbsp;15
 2012
 Diamond and P&amp;G mutually agreed to terminate this proposed merger. No &#147;break-up&#148; fee or other fees were paid to P&amp;G in connection with the
termination
 which included a mutual release. In fiscal 2012
 we recorded acquisition related expenses specifically associated with the Pringles termination of $7.0 million
 the majority of which were capitalized in fiscal 2011 and subsequently
expensed in fiscal 2012


Cash provided by operating activities was $44.3 million during
fiscal 2013 compared to $46.3 million of cash used in operating activities during fiscal 2012. The change from cash used in operating activities to cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in inventory largely resulting
from a lower walnut supply
 and an increase in accounts payables and accrued liabilities as result of the settlement of the private securities class action. Additionally
 non-cash reconciling items such as an increase in payment-in-kind interest
increased in fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012. Cash used in investing activities was $1.9 million during fiscal 2013 compared to cash used in investing activities of $33.9 million during fiscal 2012. The lower cash used in investing activities
was primarily due to the completion of our Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion at the end of fiscal 2012. Cash used in financing activities was $40.9 million during fiscal 2013 compared to $80.7 million cash provided by financing activities during
fiscal 2012. The change from cash provided by financing activities to cash used in financing activities was primarily due to increased borrowings from the Oaktree investment in fiscal 2012 and payment of long term debt obligations and notes payables
Cash used in operating activities was $46.3 million during fiscal 2012 compared to $66.7 million of cash
provided by operating activities during fiscal 2011. The change from cash provided by operating activities to cash used in operating activities was primarily due to significant expenditures related to acquisition
 integration
 and investigation
related activities and higher walnut costing. Cash used in investing activities was $33.9 million during fiscal 2012 compared to $43.2 million during fiscal 2011. The lower cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the completion of our
Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion
 which was partially funded by the restricted cash received in fiscal 2011. We expect lower capital expenditures during fiscal 2013 compared to previous fiscal years due to our efforts to reduce costs. Cash provided
by financing activities was $80.7 million during fiscal 2012 compared to $26.1 million cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2011. The change from cash used in financing activities to cash provided by financing activities was primarily due
to increased borrowings from the Oaktree investment
At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had a total of $5.9
million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $2.6 million was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies.&nbsp;It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future foreign earnings at these locations in order to ensure
sufficient working capital and expand operations. Applicable U.S. income taxes have not been provided on approximately $61.1 million of undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries at July&nbsp;31
 2013
 because these earnings are
considered indefinitely reinvested. The net federal income tax liability that would arise if these earnings were not indefinitely reinvested is approximately $21.4 million. Applicable U.S. income taxes are provided on these earnings in the periods
in which they are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested. In the event that management elects for any reason in the future to repatriate some or all of the foreign earnings that were previously deemed to be indefinitely reinvested outside of
the United States
In February 2010
 we entered into an
agreement with a syndicate of lenders for a five-year $600 million secured credit facility (the &#147;Secured Credit Facility&#148;). We used the borrowings under the Secured Credit Facility to fund a portion of the Kettle Foods acquisition and to
fund ongoing operations. Our Secured Credit Facility 
 



 
initially consisted of a $200 million revolving credit facility and a $400 million term loan. In March 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved our request for a $35 million increase in our
revolving credit facility to $235 million
 under the same terms. In August 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved our request for a $50 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $285 million
 under the same terms. The revolving credit
facility was reduced from $285 million to $255 million as part of the Third Amendment. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the revolving credit facility had $230 million in capacity
 of which $154 million was outstanding. The capacity under the revolving
credit facility will decrease to $180 million effective January&nbsp;31
 2014. In May 2012
 we made a $100 million pre-payment on the term loan facility as part of the Third Amendment. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the term loan facility had $215
million in capacity
 of which $215 million was outstanding. In addition
 scheduled principal payments on the term loan facility were $0.9 million (due quarterly)
 with the remaining principal balance and any outstanding loans under the revolving
credit facility to be repaid on May&nbsp;25
 2015. Substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets are considered collateral security under the Secured Credit Facility. 
The Secured Credit Facility provides for customary affirmative and negative covenants and cross default provisions that may be triggered
if we fail to comply with obligations under our other credit facilities or indebtedness. Beginning on October&nbsp;31
 2013
 our senior debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio (&#147;Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio&#148;)
 as defined in the Third
Amendment
 will be limited to no more than 4.70 to 1.00 and our fixed charge coverage ratio to no less than 2.00 to 1.00. The Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio covenant will decline each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ending
July&nbsp;31
In December 2010
 Kettle Foods obtained
 and we guaranteed
 a 10-year fixed rate loan (the
&#147;Guaranteed Loan&#148;) in the principal amount of $21.2 million
 of which $10.6 million was outstanding as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. Principal and interest payments are due monthly throughout the term of the loan. The Guaranteed Loan was being
used to purchase equipment for our Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion. Borrowed funds were placed in an interest-bearing escrow account and were made available as expenditures were approved for reimbursement. As the cash was used to purchase
non-current assets
 such restricted cash was classified as non-current on the balance sheet. In December 2012
 the remaining balance within the escrow account was released back to the lender and was used to pay down the outstanding loan balance.
Also
 as part of the paydown
 we paid a 4% prepayment penalty
The Guaranteed Loan
provides for customary affirmative and negative covenants
 which are similar to the covenants under the Secured Credit Facility. The financial covenants within the Guaranteed Loan were reset to match those in the Third Amendment. 
In March 2012
 we reached an agreement with our lenders to forbear from seeking any remedies under the Secured Credit Facility with
respect to specified existing and anticipated non-compliance with the credit agreement and to amend our credit agreement (&#147;Second Amendment&#148;). Under the amended credit agreement
 we had continued access to our existing revolving credit
facility through a forbearance period (initially through June&nbsp;18
 2012) subject to our compliance with the terms and conditions of the amended credit agreement. During the forbearance period
 the interest rate on borrowings increased.&nbsp;The
credit agreement required us to suspend dividend payments to stockholders.&nbsp;In addition
 we paid a forbearance fee of 25 basis points to our lenders. The forbearance period concluded on May&nbsp;29
 2012
 when we closed agreements to
recapitalize our balance sheet with an investment by Oaktree Capital Management
The Oaktree
investment initially consists of $225 million of newly-issued senior notes and a warrant to purchase approximately 4.4&nbsp;million shares of Diamond common stock. The senior notes will mature in 2020 and bear interest at 12%&nbsp;per year that may
be paid-in-kind at our option for the first two years.&nbsp;Oaktree&#146;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per share starting on March&nbsp;1


January&nbsp;31
 2013
 the warrant would be cancelled and Oaktree would have had the ability to exchange $75 million of the senior notes for convertible preferred stock of our Company (the &#147;Special Redemption&#148;). The convertible preferred
stock 
 



 
would have had an initial conversion price of $20.75
 which represented a 3.5% discount to the closing price of our common stock on April&nbsp;25
 2012
 the date that we entered into its
commitment with Oaktree.&nbsp;The convertible preferred stock would have paid a 10% dividend that would be paid in-kind for the first two years. The warrant is accounted for as a derivative liability with gains or losses included in (gain) loss on
warrant liability in our Statements of Operations. Based on our operating results for the six months ended January&nbsp;31
 2013


 Diamond was permitted to prepay all (but not part) of the principal on the Oaktree notes at a 1% premium prior to May&nbsp;29
 2013.&nbsp;Beginning on May&nbsp;29
2013
 the applicable premium increased to 12% and would be applied to any prepayments of principal (including partial prepayments).&nbsp;This premium will reduce to 6% on May&nbsp;29
 2016
 3% on May&nbsp;29
 2017
 and nil on May&nbsp;29
 2018. The
On May&nbsp;22
 2012
we entered into the Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility (&#147;Third&nbsp;Amendment&#148;)
 which provided for a lower level of total bank debt
 initially at $475 million
 along with substantial covenant relief until
October&nbsp;31
 2013. At that time
 these covenants will become applicable at revised levels set forth in the Third Amendment (initially 4.70 to 1.00 for the Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio
 declining each quarter ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in
the quarter ending July&nbsp;31
 2014 and thereafter
 and 2.00 to 1.00 for the fixed charge coverage ratio). The Third Amendment included a new covenant requiring that we have at least $20 million of cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit
availability at all times beginning February&nbsp;1
 2013. In addition
 the Third Amendment required a $100 million pre-payment of the term loan facility
 while reducing the remaining scheduled principal payments on the term loan facility from $10
million to $0.9 million. The Third Amendment also amends the definition of &#147;Applicable Rate&#148; under the Secured Credit Agreement (which sets the margin over LIBOR and the Base Rate at which loans under the Secured Credit Agreement bear
interest). Initially
 Eurodollar rate loans bore interest at 5.50% plus the LIBOR for the applicable loan period
 and Base Rate loans bore interest at 450 basis points plus the highest of (i)&nbsp;the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points
(ii)&nbsp;the Prime Rate
 or (iii)&nbsp;Eurodollar Rate plus 100 basis points. The LIBOR rate is subject to a LIBOR floor
 initially 125 basis points (the &#147;LIBOR Floor&#148;). The Applicable Rate will decline
 if and when we achieve specified
reductions in our Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio
 as defined in the Third Amendment. The Third Amendment also eliminated the requirement that proceeds of future equity issuances be applied to repay outstanding loans and waived certain covenants
The Secured
Credit Facility and the Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated as of May&nbsp;22
 2012
 by and between Diamond and OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. (the &#147;Oaktree SPA&#148;) provide for customary affirmative and negative covenants
 and cross
default provisions that may be triggered if we fail to comply with obligations under our other credit facilities or indebtedness. The Secured Credit Facility and the Oaktree SPA included a covenant that restricts the amount of other indebtedness
(including capital leases and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets)
 to no more than $25 million.&nbsp;The accounting treatment for the seven-year equipment lease for our Salem
 Oregon plant (the &#147;Kettle U.S. Lease&#148;) and
the five-year equipment lease for our Norfolk
 United Kingdom plant (the &#147;Kettle U.K. Lease&#148;) caused us to be in default of the covenants limiting other indebtedness. These defaults were waived
 with respect to the Kettle UK Lease on
July&nbsp;27
 2012 (&#147;Fourth Amendment&#148;)
 and with respect to the Kettle U.S. Lease on August&nbsp;23
 2012 (&#147;Fifth Amendment&#148;). Additionally
 the Secured Credit Facility and the Oaktree SPA were each amended to allow Diamond to
incur up to $31 million of capital leases and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets
 which amount will be reduced from and after December&nbsp;31
 2013 (a)&nbsp;to $25 million under the Secured Credit Facility and (b)&nbsp;to $27.5
million under the Oaktree SPA. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013


 2013
 compared to $61.6 million and $324.8 million at July&nbsp;31
 2012. The decrease in working
capital was primarily due to an increase in liabilities associated with the private securities class action settlement
 increase in the warrant liability related to the Oaktree debt
 and utilization of excess inventories. 
 



We believe our cash and cash equivalents
 cash expected to be provided from our operations
borrowings available under our Secured Credit Facility
 and restricted cash provided by the Guaranteed Loan
 will be sufficient to fund our contractual commitments
 repay obligations as required and fund our operational requirements for at least the


 2013 were as follows (in millions): 



































































































































































































































































































1
127.1











































Amount does not reconcile to consolidated balance sheet as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 due to paid-in-kind interest that is presented within the long-term obligations
financial statement line item on the consolidated balance sheets. 



Amounts represent the expected cash interest payments on our long-term debt. Interest on our variable rate debt was forecasted using a LIBOR forward curve analysis as
of July&nbsp;31
 2013. 



Commitments to purchase inventory and equipment. Excludes purchase commitments under Walnut Purchase Agreements due to uncertainty of pricing and quantity
 but includes
payments due for prior year crop deliveries. 







Excludes $0.1 million in deferred rent liabilities. Additionally
 the liability for uncertain tax positions ($1.4 million at July&nbsp;31
 2013
 excluding associated
interest and penalties) has been excluded from the contractual obligations table because a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of future tax settlements cannot be determined. 


 2013
 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements


our net sales and cost of sales is the change in market prices for purchased nuts
 corn
 potatoes
 oils and other ingredients. The prices of these commodities are affected by U.S. and world market conditions and are volatile in response to supply
and demand
 as well as political and economic events. The price fluctuations of these commodities do not necessarily correlate with the general inflation rate. Inflation is likely to however
 adversely affect operating costs such as labor
 energy
and materials. 
 



 
In May&nbsp;2011
 the FASB&nbsp;issued ASU No.&nbsp;2011-04

Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs.
measurements. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2011. We have adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In June&nbsp;2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2011-05

Income
 the components of net income and the components of other comprehensive income (OCI) in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
two separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of OCI or when an item of OCI must be reclassified to net income
 or the earnings per share calculation. The guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2011. Early adoption is permitted. We have adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In September 2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2011-08

Impairment.
 which may then allow
a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test depending on the determination.&nbsp;This guidance is effective for goodwill impairment tests performed in interim and annual periods for fiscal years beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2011.&nbsp;Early adoption is permitted.&nbsp;We have adopted this guidance
 but we have elected to continue to perform a quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative analysis. 
In July 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2012-02
&#148; The new
guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more likely than not scenario to determine whether the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. This guidance is effective for indefinite-lived intangible asset
impairment tests performed in interim and annual periods for fiscal years beginning after September&nbsp;15
 2012. We have adopted this guidance
 but we have elected to continue to perform a quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
In January 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-01

Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.

Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should provide the required disclosures
retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. We will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2014 and do not believe that the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-02

of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#148;
being reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an entity is required to cross-reference other
disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. We will adopt this
guidance during fiscal 2014 and do not believe that the adoption will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 



In July 2013

 &#147;Presentation of an
Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#148; 
a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance states that an unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance is
effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. 




 Our principal market risks are exposure to changes in commodity prices
 interest rates on borrowings and foreign
 The availability
 size
 quality
 and cost of raw materials for the
production of our products
 including walnuts
 pecans
 peanuts
 cashews
 almonds
 other nuts
 corn
 potatoes and oils are subject to risks inherent to farming
 such as crop size and yield fluctuations caused by poor weather and growing conditions
pest and disease problems
 and other factors beyond our control. Additionally
 our supply of raw materials could be reduced if governmental agencies conclude that our products have been tampered with
 or that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other


 which are primarily affected by credit
quality and the type of cash equivalents we hold. These guidelines focus on managing liquidity and preserving principal. Our cash equivalents are primarily held for liquidity purposes and are comprised of high quality investments with maturities of
three months or less when purchased. With such a short maturity


 2013 to a 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would not be significant. 
Interest rate volatility could also materially affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt
 as well as the interest rate we pay on
future borrowings under our lines of credit and revolver. The interest rate we pay on future borrowings under our lines of credit and revolver are dependent on LIBOR. We believe a 100 basis point increase or decrease on our variable interest rates
 We have operations outside the U.S. with foreign currency
denominated assets and liabilities
 primarily in the United Kingdom. Because we have foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities
 financial exposure may result
 primarily from the timing of transactions and the movement of exchange rates.
The foreign currency balance sheet exposures as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 are not expected to result in a significant impact on
future earnings or cash flows. However
 in July 2010
 we entered into a series of foreign exchange collars to hedge a portion of our expected Canadian Dollar denominated receivables of Kettle Foods between September 2010 and January 2011
 which were
subsequently extended through July 2011. In September 2010
 we entered into a series of foreign exchange participating forwards to hedge a portion of our expected Canadian Dollar denominated receivables of Emerald between November 2010 and August
Our sales of finished goods and purchases of raw materials and supplies from outside the U.S. are generally denominated
in U.S. dollars. Thus
 certain revenues and expenses have been
 and are expected to be
 subject to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations
 and these fluctuations may have an impact on operating results. 





 



 

Diamond Foods
In our opinion
 the
accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for the year then ended present fairly
 in all material
respects
 the financial position of Diamond Foods
 Inc. and its subsidiaries at July&nbsp;31
 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company did not maintain
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of July&nbsp;31
 2013

Integrated Framework
transactions and due to certain key accounting personnel who have the ability to prepare and post journal entries without an independent review by someone without the ability to prepare and post journal entries existed as of that date. A material
weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses referred to above are described in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item&nbsp;9A. We considered these material weaknesses in determining the
nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the July&nbsp;31
 2013 consolidated financial statements
 and our opinion regarding the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting does not affect
our opinion on those consolidated financial statements. The Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting included in management&#146;s report referred to above. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
A company&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures
of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
San Francisco
October&nbsp;9
 2013

 



 

Diamond Foods
San Francisco
 California
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Diamond Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the &#147;Company&#148;) as of July 31
2012 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended July 31
 2012. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management


 such consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Diamond Foods
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of July 31
 2012 and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended July 31
 2012


 California 
December 6
(October 9
 2013 as to the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended July 31
 2012 and 2011 and the retrospective adjustment to the financial statement disclosures in Note 13 &#151; Segment Reporting for the years ended July 31
 2012 and
2011). 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 














July&nbsp;31













(In thousands
 except share





















5
885



3
291


Trade receivables
 net


97
202



85
041


Inventories
 net


115
456



165
708









3
697









4
434





12
562



16
025















231
105



278
196









6
386


Property
 plant and equipment
 net


132
225



146
944









1
107





401
125



403
158


Other intangible assets
 net


388
084



437
021





19
776



26
537















1
172
315



1
299
349







































5
860



5
449





58
147



46
821





220
542



130
623





6
096



33
716















290
645



216
609





585
077



599
598





106
767



127
024





23
106



31
324






















Preferred stock
 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 5
000
000 shares; no shares issued or outstanding









Common stock
 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100
000
000 shares; 22
766
759 and 22
432
517 shares issued and 22
376
406 and
22
114
241 shares outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively









Treasury stock
 at cost: 390
353 and 318
276 shares at July&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012


(11
019



(9
815





334
310



327
984





4
079



4
044





(160
673



2
559















166
720



324
794















1
172
315



1
299
349












 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended July&nbsp;31
















(In thousands
 except






864
012



981
418



966
688





658
489



801
697



750
209



















205
523



179
721



216
479


Selling
 general and administrative


233
373



130
599



97
506





41
528



37
933



45
035









41
334



20
350





11
326



10
360









37
560



10
132























323
787



230
358



162
891



















(118
264



(50
637



53
588


Interest expense
 net


57
925



33
976



23
918



















(176
189



(84
613



29
670





(12
957



1
723



3
103



















(163
232



(86
336



26
567











































































21
813



21
692



21
577





21
813



21
692



22
233
















 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year ended July&nbsp;31

















(163
232



(86
336



26
567
















Foreign currency translation adjustments




(5
806



(11
345



12
801


Change in pension liabilities


















5
310



(3
018


































Gains and losses on&nbsp;derivatives
































































(13
684



12
227



















(163
197



(100
020



38
794



















Net of tax benefit and tax expense of nil for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. Net of tax benefit of nil and net of tax expense of $0.3 million for fiscal 2011.




Net of tax benefit and tax expense of nil for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. Net of tax benefit of nil and net of tax expense of $0.5 million for fiscal 2011.




Net of tax benefit and tax expense of nil for fiscal 2013. Net of tax benefit of $0 million and net of tax expense of nil for fiscal 2012 and net of tax benefit and tax
expense of nil for fiscal 2011. 
 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 












































(accumulated



Comprehensive



























Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2010


21
891
928







(5
050



307
797



68
273



5
501



376
543





96
924











1
803











1
803





100
558











7
687











7
687

















1
447











1
447





(39
774







(1
817















(1
817





















(3
962







(3
962



















































26
567







26
567























































12
801



12
801

























































































38
794
































Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2011


22
049
636







(6
867



318
734



90
878



17
728



420
495





1
554





























111
947











9
206











9
206



































(48
896







(2
948















(2
948





















(1
983







(1
983



















































(86
336







(86
336

























(2
920



(2
920

























(11
345



(11
345

























































































(100
020
































Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2012


22
114
241







(9
815



327
984



2
559



4
044



324
794





125
231











2
097











2
097





209
011











4
229











4
230



































(72
077







(1
204















(1
204

















































































(163
232







(163
232

























5
841



5
841























































(5
806



(5
806

























































































(163
197
































Balance
 July&nbsp;31
 2013


22
376
406







(11
019



334
310



(160
673



4
079



166
720
































 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
 
 


















Year Ended July&nbsp;31




































(163
232



(86
336



26
567



















33
525



28
347



28
116





(11
412



8
661



(10
532













(1
447





4
229



9
206



7
687





11
326



10
360









96
129













3
393



6
437



1
749





24
526



3
134









(3
173

















6
406













10
132









37
560










Other
 net


1
869







1
055
















Trade receivables
 net


(13
077



12
034



(32
875





50
123



(12
330



(7
703





7
929



8
499



(11
316





2
821



(9
338









(10
091



8
652



38
178





(27
620



(42
984



20
195









(8
123



7
158



















44
261



(46
291



66
691






























Proceeds from sale of property
 plant and equipment


1
254



1
466






Purchases of property
 plant and equipment


(9
352



(44
962



(27
703













(21
200





6
091



9
409



5
405


Other
 net






























(1
870



(33
919



(43
236






























Borrowings (repayment) of revolving line of credit under the Secured Credit Facility
 net


(28
300



21
000



(4
800









218
250



21
350









(19
279









(11
755



(133
160



(40
799









(1
983



(3
962













1
447





(1
115



(2
948



(1
817


Other
 net






(1
153



2
475



















(40
881



80
727



(26
106



















1
084













2
594







(2
530



















3
291



3
112



5
642



















5
885



3
291



3
112















































28
789



25
912



22
752





(5
863



7
702



8
751























1
506



4
006





4
441



6
441



5
376























6
750






 
 



DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 


 2013
(In thousands
 except share and per
share information unless otherwise noted) 
 


 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148; or &#147;Diamond&#148;) is an innovative packaged food company focused on building and energizing brands. Diamond specializes in processing
 marketing and
distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts. In 2004

<SUP

 Diamond acquired the Pop
 brand of microwave popcorn products
 which provided the Company with increased scale in the snack
market
 significant supply chain economies of scale and cross promotional opportunities with its existing brands. In March 2010
 Diamond acquired Kettle Foods
 a leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip markets in the
world
 the United States and the United Kingdom
 to
Diamond&#146;s existing portfolio of leading brands in the snack industry. Diamond sells its products to global
 national
 regional and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store chains
 as well as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 other
Diamond reports its operating results on the basis of a fiscal year that starts
August&nbsp;1 and ends July&nbsp;31. Diamond refers to the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31
 2010
 2011
 2012 and 2013
 as &#147;fiscal 2010
&#148; &#147;fiscal 2011
&#148; &#147;fiscal 2012&#148; and &#147;fiscal 2013&#148;
 respectively.




statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from
On an ongoing basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related to revenue recognition and
accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable


principally derived from the sale of snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts. Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely affect the Company&#146;s operating results. Sales to the Company&#146;s largest customer
accounted for approximately 16%
 18% and 15% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for approximately 9%
 12% and 11% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. No
other single customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 2012 or 2011. 
 



 
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
The functional currency of the Company&#146;s foreign operations is the applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange in effect during the applicable period. The
translation adjustments are deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#146; equity in Accumulated other comprehensive income. Translation adjustments recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income were $4.6 million and $10.3 million as
of July&nbsp;31
 2013 and July&nbsp;31
 2012
 respectively. 
Cash and cash equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities (primarily money market funds) with maturities at date of
purchase of three months or less. At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 we had a total of $5.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $2.6 million was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest
all current and future foreign earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient working capital and expand operations. 
All
inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or weighted average) or market. The Company has entered into walnut purchase agreements with growers
 under which they deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest
season
 and pursuant to the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines the price for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the fiscal year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our discretion provided in the agreements
taking into account market conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company estimates the final
purchase price for our interim financial statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted for in
Property
 Plant and
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the
straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for buildings and ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery


the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements. Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If
no arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to gross sales to arrive at net sales. 
 



 
Management reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 360

 Plant
.&#148; Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are reviewed annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 350

The
analysis to determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires significant judgments that are dependent on internal forecasts
 including estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term growth rates for our business
 the expected life over
which cash flows will be realized and assumed royalty and discount rates. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and any impairment charge. While the fair value of these assets exceeds
their carrying value based on management&#146;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased competition or loss of
market share
 product innovation or obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons could result in the recognition of impairment losses. 
For assets to be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates
a review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows
that the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required in this process. 
The Company tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is based on the relief from royalty
method
 which models the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 using inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the brand
 assumed
royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in
an amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the brand intangible asset. The Company performed the annual intangible asset impairment analysis as of June&nbsp;30
 2013 and determined that there was a $36.0 million
The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by
ASC 350 as of June&nbsp;30th of each year. As a result of the segment reporting changes for the period ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 goodwill impairment will now be tested at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating segments. In
fiscal 2012
 the Company performed its goodwill impairment test at the single reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit will be calculated using a blend of the income and market approach. Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book
value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include (i)&nbsp;forecasted growth
rates and (ii)&nbsp;forecasted profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration of historical performance and management&#146;s estimate of future performance
 and (iii)&nbsp;discount rates that are used to calculate the present
value of future cash flows
 which rates are derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major assumptions in
the market approach include the selected multiples applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating
changes and business initiatives in order to estimate future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut
supply would have a 
 



 
direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the reporting units.&nbsp;Future business results could significantly impact the
evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment existed


benefit costs with respect to qualified and nonqualified pension and deferred compensation plans. Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the plans
 compensation
increases


evidence of an arrangement exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting payments
 coupons
 promotion
and marketing allowances. The amount the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations
regarding customer and consumer participation and sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs. Customers have the right to return certain products. Product returns are estimated based upon historical results and are reflected
as a reduction in sales. 
Promotional allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and
are reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of distribution in amounts based on estimated
redemption rates. The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50

Incentives
 $37.9 million in fiscal 2012 and $45.0 million in fiscal 2011. Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising expenses were $3.5 million
 $5.8 million
 and
$6.2 million for fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. 
Amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in net sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of
sales as incurred. 
Acquisition and integration related expenses are costs incurred to effect a business combination and subsequently to integrate the
acquired business into the Company.&nbsp;These expenses are shown as a separate line within operating expenses and are expensed as incurred. These expenses may include transaction related bank
 legal
 human resource
 purchase price valuation and
business strategy consulting fees
 as well as business and systems integration costs. 
Diamond accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
s.&#148; which requires that deferred tax assets and
liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of temporary differences between the consolidated 
 



 
financial statement and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at current tax rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is reviewed periodically to determine if any
There are
inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are supportable
 but are potentially subject to successful challenge
by the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
such as the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them accordingly. 
Diamond accounts for the warrant issued as part of the Oaktree transaction as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond
records derivative financial instruments at fair value in the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period earnings. 
The fair value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the Oaktree investment. 


 including stock option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC 718

Compensation
 compensation cost is recognized based on the fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. The Black-Scholes
option pricing model is used to determine the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock options
fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If actual results are not consistent with the Company&#146;s assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation expense
Related
In fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 three and two members
 respectively
 of the Diamond Board of
Directors were growers or affiliates of growers from whom Diamond purchased walnuts from in the ordinary course of business.&nbsp;In fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 costs associated with the acquisition of walnuts from these related
parties were approximately $15.5 million for the 2012 crop
 $4.7 million for the 2011 crop and $4.2 million for the 2010 crop respectively
 of which $4.4 million and $1.2 million were included in payables as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
respectively. 
 



 
In May&nbsp;2011
 the FASB&nbsp;issued ASU No.&nbsp;2011-04

Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRSs.
measurements. The guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2011. The Company has adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
In June&nbsp;2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2011-05

Income
 the components of net income and the components of other comprehensive income (OCI) in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
two separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of OCI or when an item of OCI must be reclassified to net income
 or the earnings per share calculation. The guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2011. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
In September 2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2011-08

Impairment.
 which may then allow
a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test depending on the determination.&nbsp;This guidance is effective for goodwill impairment tests performed in interim and annual periods for fiscal years beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2011.&nbsp;Early adoption is permitted.&nbsp;The Company has adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative analysis. 
In July 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2012-02
&#148; The new
guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more likely than not scenario to determine whether the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. This guidance is effective for indefinite-lived intangible asset
impairment tests performed in interim and annual periods for fiscal years beginning after September&nbsp;15
 2012. The Company has adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a quantitative impairment analysis rather than a
In January 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-01

 The new guidance clarifies the scope of the offsetting disclosures and addresses any unintended consequences as a result of ASU No.&nbsp;2011-11

 This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after January&nbsp;1
 2013
 and interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should
provide the required disclosures retrospectively for all comparative periods presented. The Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2013-02

Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&#148;
income if the amount being reclassified is required to be reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income in the same reporting period
 an entity is required to
cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide additional detail about those amounts. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within those annual periods. The
Company will adopt this guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 



In July 2013

 &#147;Presentation of an
Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#148;. 
when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance states that an unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances should be presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This guidance
is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this
guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
In July 2010
 the Company entered into three interest rate swap agreements in accordance with Company policy to
mitigate the impact of London Interbank Offered Rate (&#147;LIBOR&#148;) based interest expense fluctuations on Company profitability. These swap agreements
 with a total hedged notional amount of $100 million
 were entered into to hedge future cash
interest payments associated with a portion of the Company&#146;s variable rate bank debt. The Company has designated these swaps as cash flow hedges of future cash flows associated with its variable rate debt. All effective changes in the fair
value of the designated swaps are recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and are released to interest income or expense on a monthly basis as the hedged debt payments are accrued. Ineffective changes
 if any
 are recognized in interest income
or expense immediately. For fiscal 2012
 the Company recognized other comprehensive income of $0.6 million based on the change in fair value of the swap agreements and no hedge ineffectiveness for these swap agreements was recognized in interest
income or expense over the same period. As of July&nbsp;31
 2012
In May 2012
 Diamond closed an
agreement to recapitalize its balance sheet with an investment by Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P. (&#147;Oaktree&#148;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted of $225 million of newly-issued senior notes and a warrant to purchase approximately
4.4&nbsp;million shares of Diamond common stock. Oaktree&#146;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per share on March&nbsp;1
 2013. The warrant is accounted for as a derivative liability and is remeasured at fair value each reporting period with
In July 2012
 the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement in accordance
with Company policy to mitigate the impact of LIBOR-based interest expense fluctuations on Company profitability. This swap agreement had a total notional amount of $100 million and was entered into to mitigate the interest rate impact of the
In
February 2013
 the Company purchased 164 corn call option commodity derivatives.&nbsp;This purchase is in accordance with Company policy to mitigate the market price risk associated with the anticipated raw material purchase requirements of the
Company. This agreement had a total notional amount of approximately $0.3 million and was entered into to mitigate the market price risk of future corn purchases expected to be made by the Company. The Company accounts for commodity derivatives as
For the quarterly period ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company sold 42 corn call options commodity
derivatives. The amount of loss recognized in income associated with this sale was $0.1 million. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company has 122 corn call option commodity derivatives. 
 



The fair values of the Company&#146;s derivative instruments as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 and
July&nbsp;31
 2012 were as follows: 








































































































































































(58
147



(46
821



















(58
118



(46
328



















(58
118



(46
328













The effects of the Company&#146;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations for
fiscal 2013 and 2012 were as follows: 


































Derivative&nbsp;
(Effective




Income
(Effective




Income
on






























































































































































































Hedging Instruments under ASC
815

in Income on
Derivative
















Selling
&nbsp;general&nbsp;and&nbsp;administrative






































(11
326



(10
360



















(11
570



(10
221













ASC 820 requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be measured using the following three
levels of inputs: 


 
The Company&#146;s cash equivalents measured at fair value on a recurring basis were nil as of July&nbsp;31
 2013.
There were cash equivalents of $1.5 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2012. These investments were classified as Level 1 based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets
 to value the cash equivalents. 
 



The Company&#146;s derivative assets (liabilities) measured at fair value on a recurring
basis were $0 million and $0.5 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company has elected to use the income approach to value the derivative liabilities
 using observable Level 2 market expectations at the measurement date and
standard valuation techniques to convert future amounts to a single present amount assuming that participants are motivated
 but not compelled to transact. Level 2 inputs for the valuations are limited to quoted prices for similar assets or
liabilities in active markets (specifically futures contracts on LIBOR for the first two years) and inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability (specifically LIBOR cash and swap rates). Mid-market pricing is used
as a practical expedient for fair value measurements. Under Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) 820


nonperformance risk of the entity and the counterparty. Therefore
 the impact of the counterparty&#146;s creditworthiness when in an asset position and the Company&#146;s creditworthiness when in a liability position has also been factored into the
The Company&#146;s warrant liability measured at fair value on a
recurring basis was $58.1 million and $46.8 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company has elected to use the income approach to value the warrant liability and uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This valuation
is considered Level 3 due to the use of certain unobservable inputs. Inputs into the Black-Scholes model include: remaining term
 stock price
 strike price
 maturity date
 risk-free rate
 and expected volatility. The significant Level 3 unobservable
inputs used in the valuation are shown below: 
































In applying the valuation model
 small increases or decreases in the expected volatility could result in
a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. Based on the Company&#146;s operating results for the six months ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Special Redemption did not occur. The Company recognized a loss for fiscal 2013
 related to the
The following is a reconciliation of activity for fiscal
2013 liabilities measured at fair value based on Level&nbsp;3 inputs: 




























(46
821





























(11
326



(10
360


Purchases
 issuances
 sales and settlements


























(36
461



































(58
147



(46
821












Total amount of gains or losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses
relating to assets still held at the reporting date









The fair value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet because of the 
 



 
relatively short term nature of these financial instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the amounts recorded in the
balance sheet based on information available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and terms for similar financial instruments


 2013: 






















Year Ended July&nbsp;31



Year Ended July&nbsp;31




























121
266



150
295



103
295



103
203





89
660



75
147



81
686



51
601

The fair value of the notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach. The discounted cash flow
approach uses a risk adjusted yield to present value the contractual cash flows of the notes. The fair value of the notes would be classified as Level 3 within the fair value measurement hierarchy. The Company applies a fair value method for
accounting for the paid-in-kind interest on the Oaktree debt.&nbsp;Under this method
 the Company adjusts the interest expense based on fair value of the Oaktree debt. Accordingly
 while interest expense recognition on Oaktree debt would be at the
contractual rate
 the Company will account for the related interest expense based on the fair value of the Oaktree debt at every interest payment date and reporting period end. 
 
The Company uses a broad based equity incentive plan to help align employee and director incentives with
stockholders&#146; interests. The 2005 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Plan&#148;) was approved in March 2005 and provides for the awarding of options
 restricted stock
 stock bonuses
 restricted stock units
 and stock appreciation rights. The
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors administers the Plan. A total of 2
500
000 shares of common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the Plan
 and the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan is increased by an
In 2005
 the Company began
granting shares of restricted stock and stock options under the Plan. The shares of restricted stock vest over three
 four or five-year periods. The stock options expire in ten years and vest over three
 four or five years. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
options to purchase 1
457
076 shares of common stock were outstanding
 of which 672
074 were exercisable. At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company had 1
331
295 shares available for future grant under the Plan. 
ASC 718


to the fair value of share-based awards. Beginning with the Company&#146;s adoption of ASC 718 in August 2005
 the fair value of all stock options granted subsequent to August&nbsp;1
 2005 is recognized as an expense in the Company&#146;s statement
of operations
 typically over the related vesting period of the options. The guidance requires use of fair value computed at the date of grant to measure share-based awards. The fair value of restricted stock awards is recognized as stock-based
compensation expense over the vesting period
 generally three
 four or five years from date of grant or award. The Company recorded total stock-based compensation expense of $4.1 million
 $9.2 million
 and $7.7 million for fiscal 2013
 2012 and
2011
The fair value of each stock option grant was estimated on the date of
grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. Expected stock price volatilities were estimated based on the Company&#146;s implied historical volatility. The expected term of options granted is based on the simplified method due to the lack
of historical Company information. Forfeiture rates were based on assumptions and historical data to the extent it is available. The risk-free rates were based on U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of the grant. For purposes of this
valuation model
 dividends are based on the historical rate. 
 



Assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below (for the year ended
July&nbsp;31): 
























Average expected life
 in years














































The following table summarizes option activity during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011: 

















































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2010


1
452











34
027










































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2011


1
771











78
551










































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2012


2
079







































































(1
235
































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2013


1
457











4
757




















Exercisable at July&nbsp;31
 2011


1
235











63
756


Exercisable at July&nbsp;31
 2012


1
448














Exercisable at July&nbsp;31
 2013














1
220

The weighted average fair value of options granted during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $7.81
 $28.50
and $18.95
 respectively. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $0.3 million
 $0.1 million and $3.0 million
 respectively. The total fair value of options vested during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 was
$5.4 million
 $4.8 million and $2.1 million
Changes in the Company&#146;s nonvested options during fiscal 2013
are summarized as follows: 




























Nonvested at July 31
 2012

















































Nonvested at July 31
 2013


















As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 there was $7.1 million of total unrecognized compensation cost net of
forfeitures related to nonvested stock options
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9&nbsp;years. Cash received from option exercises was $2.0 million
 $0 million and $1.8 million for fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
respectively. 
 



Restricted stock activity during fiscal 2013
 2012
and 2011 is summarized as follows: 
























































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2010

























































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2011

























































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2012

























































































Outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2013


































The total intrinsic value of restricted stock vested in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 was $3.0 million
 $7.6
million and $5.5 million
As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 there was $6.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost
net of forfeitures related to nonvested restricted stock awards
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.9 years. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 there was $2.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost net of forfeitures
related to nonvested restricted stock units
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.4 years. Cash used to settle stock awards were $0 million for fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011. 
 
ASC 260

&#148;
requiring the inclusion of participating securities
 which have the right to share in dividends
 if declared
 equally with common shareholders. Participating securities are allocated a proportional share of net income determined by dividing total
weighted average participating securities by the sum of total weighted average common shares and participating securities (&#147;the two-class method&#148;). ASC 260 also impacts the determination and reporting of earnings (loss) per share by
requiring inclusion of the impact of changes in fair value of warrant liabilities
 such as the Oaktree warrant liability described in Note 7 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Including these participating securities and changes
in warrant liability in the Company&#146;s earnings per share calculation has the effect of reducing earnings and increasing losses on both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per share. 
 



 



















Year Ended July&nbsp;31































(163
232



(86
336



26
567

































(163
232



(86
336



26
085















































(163
232



(86
336



26
097

































21
813



21
692



21
577

































21
813



21
692



22
233































































457
076
 2
079
535 and 1
771
253 shares of common stock were outstanding at July&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Because the Company was in a loss position for fiscal
2013 and fiscal 2012 stock options and restricted stock units outstanding were excluded in the computation of diluted earnings (loss) per share because their effect would be antidilutive. Additionally
 as the Company was in a loss position and the
change in the fair value of the warrant liability resulted in a loss for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 a numerator adjustment was not made to the diluted earnings (loss) per share calculation. 
Options to purchase 978
024
 776
184
 and 87
500 shares of common stock were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per
share for fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively
 because their exercise prices were greater than the average market price of Diamond&#146;s common stock and therefore their effect would be antidilutive. 
 


 2011
 Diamond entered into a definitive agreement with The Procter&nbsp;&amp; Gamble Company (&#147;P&amp;G&#148;) to merge P&amp;G&#146;s Pringles business into the Company. On
February&nbsp;15
 2012
 Diamond and P&amp;G mutually agreed to terminate the Company&#146;s proposed merger of the Pringles business. No &#147;break-up&#148; fee or other fees were paid to P&amp;G in connection with the termination
 which included a
mutual release. 
 



 
 




























Balance as of August&nbsp;1
 2011
























409
735









































409
735























































(6
577
















Balance as of July&nbsp;31
 2012
























403
158









































403
158
















Balance as of August&nbsp;1
 2012
























403
158









































403
158















































(2
033







(2
033
















Balance as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
















328
490



72
635



401
125

































328
490



72
635



401
125








































297
577



298
952















157
838



159
882












Total other intangible assets
 gross


455
415



458
834

























(29
771



(21
813















(36
000









(1
560
















Total other intangible assets
 net


388
084



437
021











Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense in each of the five succeeding years will amount to
approximately $7.7 million. For fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 the amortization period for identifiable intangible assets was approximately 20 years with amortization expense of approximately $8.0 million
 $8.0 million and $8.1 million recognized
respectively. 
 



The Company also performed its 2013 annual impairment test of goodwill and non-amortizing
intangible assets required by ASC 350 as of June&nbsp;30
 2013. There was no goodwill impaired during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011. There were no non-amortizing assets impaired during fiscal 2012 and 2011. In fiscal 2013
 the Company determined that
the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was impaired based on a decrease in forecasted future revenues. The Company recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge within the asset impairment line on the consolidated statement of operations.
The inputs used to measure the fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name were largely unobservable
 and accordingly
 this measure was classified as Level 3. The fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name was estimated based on the relief from royalty
method
 which models the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the brand
 assumed
royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that approximates the estimated cost of capital. The unobservable inputs used in this valuation included projected revenue growth rates
 royalty rates
 and the discount rate. The Company used a
In fiscal 2013
 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of $1.6 million
 within
asset impairments
 associated with customer contacts and related relationships. This impairment charge represents a write down of the total net book value of the intangible asset as of April&nbsp;30
 2013
 and is included within the Nuts reportable
segment. This impairment charge was recognized as a result of management&#146;s decision to cease production and shipment of products with the brand associated with these customer contracts and related relationships. 
 
 
























371
678



403
204





210
926



184
981





8
333



16
862















590
937



605
047





(5
860



(5
449















585
077



599
598











































29
811



27
857



23
771





26
375



6
163









































(1
673









1
452



























57
925



33
976



23
918















In February 2010
 Diamond entered into an agreement (the &#147;Secured Credit Agreement&#148;) with a
syndicate of lenders for a five-year $600 million secured credit facility (the &#147;Secured Credit Facility&#148;). Diamond&#146;s Secured Credit Facility initially consisted of a $200 million revolving credit facility and a $400 million term loan.
In March 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved Diamond&#146;s request for a $35 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $235 million
 under the same terms. In August 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved Diamond&#146;s request for a
$50 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $285 million
 under the same terms. As a part of the Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility (&#147;Third Amendment&#148;)
 the revolving credit facility was reduced from
$285 million to $255 million in May 2012 and to $230 million in July 2013. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the 
 



 
revolving credit facility had $230 million in capacity
 of which $154 million was outstanding. The capacity under the revolving credit facility was decreased to $230 million effective
July&nbsp;31
 2013 and will decrease to $180 million effective January&nbsp;31
 2014. In May 2012
 Diamond made a $100 million pre-payment on the term loan facility as part of the Third Amendment. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the term loan facility had
$215 million in capacity
 of which $215 million was outstanding. In addition
 scheduled principal payments on the term loan facility were $0.9 million (due quarterly)
 with the remaining principal balance and any outstanding loans under the
revolving credit facility to be repaid on May&nbsp;25
 2015. For fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&#146;s consolidated borrowings
 excluding the Oaktree debt
 was 6.7%. Substantially all of the Company&#146;s tangible and
The Secured Credit Facility provides
for customary affirmative and negative covenants and cross default provisions that may be triggered if Diamond fails to comply with obligations under their other credit facilities or indebtedness. Beginning on October&nbsp;31
 2013
 the
Company&#146;s senior debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio (&#147;Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio&#148;)
 as defined in the Third Amendment
 will be limited to no more than 4.70 to 1.00 and the fixed charge coverage ratio to no less than 2.00 to
1.00. The Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio covenant will decline each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ending July&nbsp;31


 Kettle Foods obtained
 and Diamond guaranteed
 a 10-year fixed rate loan (the &#147;Guaranteed Loan&#148;) in the principal amount of $21.2 million
 of which $10.6 million was
outstanding as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. Principal and interest payments are due monthly throughout the term of the loan. The Guaranteed Loan was being used to purchase equipment for the Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion. Borrowed funds have been
placed in an interest-bearing escrow account and will be made available as expenditures are approved for reimbursement. As the cash will be used to purchase non-current assets
 such restricted cash has been classified as non-current on the balance
sheet. In December 2012
 the remaining balance within the escrow account was released back to the lender and was used to pay down the outstanding loan balance. Also
 as part of the paydown
 the Company paid a 4% prepayment penalty
 which was
The Guaranteed Loan provides for customary affirmative and negative covenants
 which are


 Diamond reached an agreement with its lenders to forbear from seeking any remedies under the Secured Credit Facility with respect to specified existing and anticipated non-compliance with
the credit agreement and to amend its credit agreement. Under the amended credit agreement
 Diamond had continued access to its existing revolving credit facility through a forbearance period (initially through June&nbsp;18
 2012) subject to
Diamond&#146;s compliance with the terms and conditions of the amended credit agreement. During the forbearance period
 the interest rate on borrowings increased.&nbsp;The amended credit agreement required Diamond to suspend dividend payments to
stockholders.&nbsp;In addition
 Diamond paid a forbearance fee of 25 basis points to its lenders. The forbearance period concluded on May&nbsp;29
 2012
 when Diamond closed agreements to recapitalize its balance sheet with an investment by Oaktree
Capital Management
The Oaktree investment initially consists of $225 million of newly-issued
senior notes and a warrant to purchase approximately 4.4&nbsp;million shares of Diamond common stock. The senior notes will mature in 2020 and bear interest at 12%&nbsp;per year that may be paid-in-kind at Diamond&#146;s option for the first two
years.&nbsp;Oaktree&#146;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per share starting on March&nbsp;1
 2013. The Oaktree agreements do not impose any covenants incremental to those under the Secured Credit Facility. 
The Oaktree agreements provided that if Diamond secured a specified minimum supply of walnuts from the 2012 crop and achieved
profitability targets for its nut businesses for the six-month period ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 the warrant would be cancelled and Oaktree would have had the ability to exchange $75 million of the senior notes for convertible preferred stock of
Diamond (the &#147;Special Redemption&#148;). The convertible preferred stock would have had an initial conversion price of $20.75
 which represented a 3.5% discount to the closing price of Diamond common stock on April&nbsp;25
 2012
 the date that
the Company entered into its commitment with 
 



 
Oaktree.&nbsp;The convertible preferred stock would have paid a 10% dividend that would be paid in-kind for the first two years. The warrant is accounted for as a derivative liability with gains
or losses included in (gain) loss on warrant liability in the Company&#146;s Statements of Operations. Based on the Company&#146;s operating results for the six months ended January&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Special Redemption did not occur. 
Pursuant to the Oaktree agreements
 Diamond was permitted to prepay all (but not part) of the principal on the Oaktree notes at a 1%
premium prior to May&nbsp;29
 2013.&nbsp;Beginning on May&nbsp;29
 2013
 the applicable premium increased to 12% and would be applied to any prepayments of principal (including partial prepayments).&nbsp;This premium will reduce to 6% on
May&nbsp;29
 2016
 3% on May&nbsp;29
 2017
 and nil on May&nbsp;29
On May&nbsp;22
 2012
 Diamond entered into the
Waiver and Third Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility (&#147;Third Amendment&#148;) which provided for a lower level of total bank debt
 initially at $475 million
 along with substantial covenant relief until October&nbsp;31
 2013. At that time
these covenants will become applicable at revised levels set forth in the amendment (initially 4.70 to 1.00 for the Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio declining each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ending July&nbsp;31
 2014
 and
thereafter
 and 2.00 to 1.00 for the fixed charge coverage ratio). The Third Amendment included a new covenant requiring that Diamond have at least $20 million of cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability at all times beginning
February&nbsp;1
 2013. In addition
 the Third Amendment required a $100 million pre-payment of the term loan facility
 while reducing the remaining scheduled principal payments from $10 million to $0.9 million. The Third Amendment also amends the
definition of &#147;Applicable Rate&#148; under the Secured Credit Agreement (which sets the margin over the London Interbank Offered Rate (&#147;LIBOR&#148;) and the base rate at which loans under the Secured Credit Agreement bear interest). Under
the Third Amendment
 initially
 Eurodollar rate loans bore interest at 5.50% plus the LIBOR for the applicable loan period
 and base rate loans bore interest at 450 basis points plus the highest of (i)&nbsp;the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis
points
 (ii)&nbsp;the Prime Rate
 (iii)&nbsp;Eurodollar Rates plus 100 basis points. The LIBOR rate is subject to a LIBOR floor
 initially 125 basis points (the &#147;LIBOR Floor&#148;). The applicable rate will decline if and when Diamond achieves
reductions in its ratio of senior debt to EBITDA. The Third Amendment also eliminated the requirement that proceeds of future equity issuances be applied to repay outstanding loans
 and waived certain covenants in connection with Diamond&#146;s
restatement of its consolidated financial statements. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company was compliant with financial and reporting covenants. 
 
 
























29
825



63
684





28
058



33
495





57
573



68
529















115
456



165
708




































75
833



84
324





96
129









16
087



13
872





18
883



21
927





9
160



4
952





4
450



5
548















220
542



130
623












 



(9) Property
 Plant and Equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following at July&nbsp;31: 
























9
823



9
638





56
745



51
556


Machinery
 equipment and software


214
294



169
211





2
024



26
236





14
420



11
790















297
306



268
431





(163
145



(119
830





(1
936



(1
657












Property
 plant and equipment
 net


132
225



146
944











For fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 depreciation expense was $25.6 million
 $20.3 million and $20.0 million
During the fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with equipment
that either is not currently being utilized or will not be utilized for its remaining useful life.&nbsp;The fair value of the equipment was determined utilizing third party quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis. 
During fiscal 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of leasehold and building improvement assets at the Fishers
facility. Refer to Note 10 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion on the Fishers facility closure. 
 
On October&nbsp;25
 2012
 Diamond announced a plan to consolidate its manufacturing operations within the Nuts
reportable segment
 and to close its facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Certain manufacturing equipment at Fishers has been relocated to Diamond&#146;s facility in Stockton
 California. During fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset impairment charges of
$10.1 million associated with Fishers equipment that was not moved to the Stockton facility. The fair value of the equipment was determined by management utilizing a combination of price quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis. Within selling
general and administrative expenses
 the Company recorded severance expense for the twelve months ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 of $1.2 million related to Fishers employees. The Company has made payments of $1.0 million related to severance expense in
the twelve months ended July&nbsp;31
In fiscal 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of leasehold
and building improvement assets at the Fishers facility to correspond with the estimated cease use date
 and recorded additional depreciation expense of $0.9 million
 respectively
 within selling
 general and administrative expenses. In fiscal 2013


 within
selling
 general and administrative expenses. This charge included an estimate of sublease rental income. The future cash lease and maintenance related payments made by the Company will reduce this liability. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013 the Company has
outstanding $4.6 million associated with the Fishers facility future lease obligation. As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the exit of the Fishers facility is complete. 
 



 
The components of income (loss) before income taxes
 by tax jurisdiction
 are as follows for the fiscal years ended
July&nbsp;31: 






























(152
337



(65
182



42
269





(23
852



(19
431



(12
599



















(176
189



(84
613



29
670



































Year Ended July&nbsp;31































(1
379



(2
388



7
250























(5
363



5
600



















(1
545



(6
938



13
635

































(9
231







(3
389









13
624



(2
719





(1
441



(4
195



(4
424



















(11
412



8
661



(10
532



















(12
957



1
723



3
103















A reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to Diamond&#146;s effective income tax
rate is as follows for the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31: 






























(61
666



(29
615



10
385


State tax
 net of federal benefit






9
580









(9
106



(9
727



(10
489





(1
458



(6
382



7
507



















7
610



7
582



























(2
453



(3
972





52
124



31
937



















































(12
957



1
723



3
103















Applicable U.S. income taxes have not been provided on approximately $61.1 million of undistributed
earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries at July&nbsp;31
 2013
 because these earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. The net federal income tax liability that would arise if these earnings were not indefinitely reinvested is approximately
$21.4 million. Applicable U.S. income taxes are provided on these earnings in the periods in which they are no longer considered indefinitely reinvested. 
 



With respect to the Company&#146;s stock option plans
 realized tax benefits in excess of
tax benefits recognized in net earnings are recorded as increases to additional paid-in capital. Excess tax benefits realized and recorded to additional paid-in capital were nil for fiscal 2013 and 2012 and $1.4 million for fiscal 2011. The Company
had unrecorded excess stock option tax benefits of $1.5 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 which will be credited to additional paid-in-capital when such amounts reduce cash taxes payable. 
The tax effect of temporary differences and net operating losses which give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the
following as of July&nbsp;31: 














Year Ended July&nbsp;31






































1
528















1
952



4
208





2
085



2
583















4
194





























9
098



8
556





(8
416



(4
900



















3
656

























32
460









8
346



7
883





2
224



4
092









2
866





75
880



38
191





5
253



5
790





1
071



1
953















125
806



60
775





(90
890



(39
732















34
916



21
043



































3
813



















3
813


























Property
 plant and equipment


12
365



10
783





114
968



127
104





7
602



7
883





6
748



1
150















141
683



146
920












Total deferred taxes
 net


(109
898



(122
221

























(3
131



3
656





(106
767



(125
877












Total deferred taxes
 net


(109
898



(122
221












 



Valuation allowances have been provided to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts considered
recoverable. The Company&#146;s valuation allowance was $99.3 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 and $44.6 million as of July&nbsp;31
 2012. In the three months ended April&nbsp;30
 2012 as a result of cumulative losses
 the Company concluded that a
valuation allowance was required on certain US and state deferred tax assets (principally NOL&#146;s and California EZ credits) because it was management&#146;s assessment that it was no longer more likely than not that those assets could be
realized. The valuation allowances may be reversed in a future period when facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the particular deferred tax asset can be realized. 
As of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company had $185.0 million of cumulative federal tax loss carryforwards and $162.6 million of cumulative
state tax loss carryforwards. The federal loss carry forward will expire in fiscal 2032 if not used prior to that time. The state tax loss carryforwards will expire beginning fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2032. As a result of certain realization
requirements of ASC 718
 the table of deferred tax asset and deferred tax liabilities shown above does not include certain deferred tax assets as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 that arose directly from tax deductions related to equity compensation
in excess of compensation recognized for financial reporting. Equity will be increased by $1.5 million if and when such deferred tax assets are ultimately realized. The Company uses tax ordering rules for purposes of determining when excess tax
The state tax credits of $14.0 million are California Enterprise Zone Credits which begin to
expire in fiscal 2023
 and $0.2 million of California Research and Development Credits
A
reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 



























Balance
 beginning of year


3
927



14
260



5
454



























7
977



















1
125













(2
392



(11
210
















































Balance
 end of year


3
544



3
927



14
260















Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at July&nbsp;31
 2013
 July&nbsp;31
 2012 and
July&nbsp;31
 2011
 respectively
 are potential benefits of $0.7 million
 $0.6 million
 and $9.1 million respectively
 which if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate on earnings. 
The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company
accrued $0.1 million
 $0.2 million and $0.1 million
 net of federal benefit
 in interest and $0 million
 $0 million
 and $0.1 million in penalties associated with uncertain tax positions for each fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011. 
In the twelve months following July&nbsp;31
 2013
 audit resolutions
 lapse of statute of limitations
 and filing the amended returns
The Company files income tax returns in the
U.S. federal and various states
 local and foreign jurisdictions
 primarily in the United Kingdom. The Company&#146;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for fiscal 2006 through fiscal 2012 and the Company&#146;s United Kingdom tax returns for
fiscal 2011 and 2012 remain open to examination. 
 



 
In November 2011 and December 2011
 various putative shareholder class action and derivative complaints were filed in
In re Diamond
Foods
 Inc.
Beginning on November&nbsp;7
 2011
 the first of a number of putative securities class
action suits was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against Diamond and certain of its former executive officers (&#147;defendants&#148;). These suits allege that defendants made materially false and
misleading statements
 or failed to disclose material facts
 regarding Diamond&#146;s financial results
 operations and prospects
 including its accounting for payments to walnut growers and the anticipated closing of Diamond&#146;s proposed merger
of the Pringles business from P&amp;G. On January&nbsp;24
 2012

 Securities Litigation
 2012
 the court appointed a lead plaintiff
 and on
June&nbsp;13
 2012
 the court appointed lead counsel for the plaintiff. On July&nbsp;30
 2012
 an amended complaint was filed in the consolidated action naming Diamond
 certain of its former executive officers and its former independent auditor as
defendants. The amended complaint purports to allege claims covering the period from October&nbsp;5
 2010 through February&nbsp;8
 2012
 and seeks compensatory damages
 interest thereon
 costs and expenses incurred in the action and other relief. On
September&nbsp;28
 2012
 Diamond moved to dismiss the action. On November&nbsp;30
 2012
 the court denied Diamond&#146;s motion allowing the matter to proceed with respect to Diamond and the former executive officers
 and dismissed claims against
Diamond&#146;s former independent auditor with leave to amend. On December&nbsp;21
 2012
 Diamond and the former executive officers filed answers to the amended complaint. On May&nbsp;6
 2013
 the court certified a class in the consolidated action.
Thereafter
 the parties reached a proposed agreement subject to final court approval
 to settle the action. On August&nbsp;21
 2013
 a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement was filed which was granted on September&nbsp;26
 2013. A final
approval hearing is currently scheduled for January&nbsp;9
 2014. Pursuant to the terms of the preliminarily approved settlement
 Diamond would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock to a settlement
fund to resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Diamond stock between October&nbsp;5
 2010 and February&nbsp;8
 2012
 inclusive. A portion of the $11.0 million in cash would be funded by Diamond&#146;s
insurers. The total amount of director and officer liability coverage available under Diamond&#146;s insurance policies is $30 million. As of July 31
 2013
 insurers had paid approximately $12.9 million in insurable expenses. As of July 31
 2013
Diamond had recorded a $15.5 million receivable
 $12.1 million which will be used for the settlement and other legal expenses and $3.4 million for the shareholder derivative settlement. In addition
 Diamond expects to receive $1.6 million related to
the shareholder derivative settlement in the first quarter of fiscal 2014 which will be recorded as a gain. Pursuant to the preliminary approval motion
 the estimated value of the 4.45&nbsp;million shares of Diamond&#146;s common stock was valued at
$85.1 million based on the closing market price of Diamond&#146;s common stock on the day before the preliminary approval motion was filed
 August&nbsp;20
 2013. The value of the 4.45 million shares of common stock at July 31
 2013 was $90.7
million. With respect to the 4.45&nbsp;million shares
 Diamond would have the ability to privately place
 or conduct a public offering of
 the shares with the consent of the lead plaintiff and its counsel
 prior to distribution of the settlement
fund. In that event
 the settlement fund would include the proceeds of the offering in lieu of the settlement shares. Refer to Note 17 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
In re Diamond Foods Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative Litigation 
Beginning on November&nbsp;14
 2011
 three putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court for the State of
California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond Foods and naming certain executive officers and the members of Diamond&#146;s board of directors as individual defendants. On January&nbsp;17
 2012
 the court consolidated these

 Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative Litigation
 2012 plaintiffs filed their consolidated complaint
 naming certain current and former executive officers and members
of Diamond&#146;s board
 and Diamond&#146;s former independent auditor
 as individual defendants. The consolidated complaint arises from the same or similar alleged facts as alleged in the federal securities action and the federal derivative
litigation (discussed in the next 
 



 
paragraph below)
 and purported to set forth claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 abuse of control and gross mismanagement
 and against the former independent auditor for
professional negligence and breach of contract. The suit seeks the recovery of unspecified damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 which is named as a nominal defendant
 corporate reforms
 disgorgement
 restitution
 the recovery of plaintiff&#146;s
attorney&#146;s fees and other relief. On August&nbsp;20
 2012
 Diamond filed a demurrer seeking to dismiss the action. On October&nbsp;23
 2012
 the court sustained Diamond&#146;s demurrer with leave to amend the complaint excluding the gross
mismanagement claim
 which the court sustained with prejudice. Following mediation efforts
 an agreement in principle to settle all derivative claims on behalf of Diamond was reached by plaintiffs and the current and former executive officers and
members of Diamond&#146;s board. The agreement also sought to resolve certain litigation demands by various shareholders of Diamond Foods
Diamond Foods
 Inc.
Chancery for the State of Delaware pursuant to 8 Del. C. &#167;220. On May&nbsp;29
 2013
 plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement. On June&nbsp;14
 2013
 the court preliminarily approved the settlement. On
August&nbsp;19
 2013
 the court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement and judgment was entered the same day. As part of the settlement
 Diamond&#146;s insurers were required to pay Diamond $5.0 million
 of which $3.4 million was
reimbursement of fees to be paid by Diamond to plaintiffs&#146; attorneys. These fees were recorded as a liability as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 with a corresponding receivable from the insurers. $1.6 million of the $5.0 million settlement will be
recorded as a gain in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. On September&nbsp;23
 2013 a Notice of Appeal was filed by one of the plaintiffs in the dismissed federal derivative case

 Inc.
 Derivative Litigation.
In re Diamond Foods
 Inc.


 2011
 two putative shareholder derivative lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond
Foods and naming certain current and former executive officers and members of Diamond&#146;s board of directors as individual defendants. On February&nbsp;16
 2012

 Inc.
 Derivative
Litigation
 2012
 again naming certain current and former executive officers and members of Diamond&#146;s board of directors as individual defendants
 and also adding Diamond&#146;s
former independent auditor as a defendant. The suit was based on essentially the same allegations as those in the federal securities action and the state derivative litigation
 and purported to set forth claims under Section&nbsp;14 (a)&nbsp;of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 alleging that defendants made materially false or misleading statements or omissions in proxy statements issued on or about November&nbsp;26
 2010 and on or about September&nbsp;26
 2011
 and for breach of fiduciary
duty
 unjust enrichment
 contribution and indemnification
 gross mismanagement and
 against Diamond&#146;s former independent auditor
 for professional negligence
 accounting malpractice and aiding and abetting the breach of fiduciary duties of the
other individual defendants. The suit sought to recover unspecified damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 which was named as a nominal defendant
 corporate reforms
 restitution
 equitable and/or injunctive relief
 to recover plaintiff&#146;s
attorney&#146;s fees and other relief. On April&nbsp;16
 2012
 Diamond moved to dismiss the action. On May&nbsp;29
 2012
 the court granted Diamond&#146;s motion and dismissed the action with prejudice
 based on lack of subject matter jurisdiction
related to deficiencies in plaintiffs&#146; Section&nbsp;14(a) claims. The court entered judgment in favor of Diamond the same day. On June&nbsp;4
 2012
 one of the plaintiffs in the consolidated matter filed a Notice of Appeal with the United
States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
 seeking to appeal the May&nbsp;29
 2012 order granting Diamond&#146;s motion to dismiss. On October&nbsp;12
 2012
 the appellant filed its opening brief. Diamond filed his answering brief on
November&nbsp;27
 2012 and appellant filed his reply brief on December&nbsp;28
Astor BK Realty Trust v. Diamond
Foods
On February&nbsp;22

 
enforce a demand to inspect certain of Diamond&#146;s records pursuant to Section&nbsp;220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 as a possible prelude to the shareholder bringing a derivative action. On August&nbsp;26
 2013
 in connection with

 Shareholder Derivative Litigation
 
 



 
On December&nbsp;14
 2011
 Diamond received a formal order of investigation from the staff of the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;). Diamond also has had contact with the U.S. Attorney&#146;s office for the Northern District of California (&#147;DOJ&#148;). We have cooperated with the government and expect to continue to do so. 

The Company is involved in other various legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. Such matters are subject to many
uncertainties that make their outcomes
 and any potential liability we may incur
We do not believe it is
feasible to predict or determine the outcome or resolution of the above litigation proceedings
 or to estimate the amounts of
 or potential range of
 loss with respect to those proceedings. In addition
 the timing of the final resolution of these
proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company
 which could have a material impact on Diamond&#146;s
financial position
At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the Company had $4.8 million of letters of
credit outstanding related to normal business transactions and commitments of $1.2 million to purchase new equipment. 
Operating lease expense for the fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 were $5.3 million
 $5.5 million and $4.7 million
 respectively. 
At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable operating leases (primarily for real property) were as follows:

















4
910





4
101





2
991





2
577





2
511





7
059











24
149







At July&nbsp;31
 2013
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable capital leases (primarily for real
property) were as follows: 
















3
156





3
156





3
156





3
083





1
503





1
465











15
519





(2
334











13
185








 
The Company&#146;s chief operating decision maker (&#147;CODM&#148;) changed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
and in the second quarter of fiscal 2013 there was a change in the information used by the CODM to make 
 



 
decisions about the allocation of resources and the assessment of performance. As a result
 during the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company changed its operating and reportable segments.
The Company previously had one operating segment and one reportable segment; it now aggregates its five operating segments into two reportable segments based on similarities between: economic characteristics
 nature of the products
 production
process
 type of customer
 methods of distribution
 and regulatory environment. The Company&#146;s two reportable segments are Snacks and Nuts. The Snacks reportable segment predominately includes products sold under Kettle U.S.
 Kettle U.K. and Pop
The Company
evaluates the performance of its segments based on net sales and gross profit. Gross profit is calculated as net sales less all cost of sales. The Company&#146;s CODM does not receive or utilize asset information to evaluate performance of operating
segments
 so asset-related information has not been presented. The accounting policies of the Company&#146;s segments are the same as those described in the summary of critical accounting policies set forth in &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and
The Company&#146;s net sales and gross profit by segment for the fiscal 2013
 2012
and 2011 were as follows: 


















Year ended July&nbsp;31































437
955



425
175



403
701





426
057



556
243



562
987



















864
012



981
418



966
688

































152
133



128
122



131
807





53
390



51
599



84
672



















205
523



179
721



216
479















Net sales by channel/product were as follows for fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011 were as follows: 



















Year Ended July&nbsp;31

















437
955



425
175



403
701





365
178



473
402



413
136



















803
133



898
577



816
837



















37
993



51
208



119
017





22
886



31
633



30
834



















60
879



82
841



149
851



















864
012



981
418



966
688















The geographic distributions of the Company&#146;s net sales for the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31 were
as follows: 






























659
110



754
966



676
829





134
557



141
670



161
365





70
345



84
782



128
494



















864
012



981
418



966
688
















 



The geographic distributions of the Company&#146;s long-lived assets as of July&nbsp;31 were
as follows: 























103
364



116
273





28
861



30
671















132
225



146
944












 
 




















































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2011

















Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012

















Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013



































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2011

















Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012






44
632







44
632


Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013


44
632



54
674







99
306






 
Diamond provides retiree medical benefits and sponsors one defined benefit pension plan. The defined benefit plan is a
qualified plan covering all bargaining unit employees. Diamond uses a July&nbsp;31 measurement date for its plans. Plan assets are held in trust and primarily include mutual funds and money market accounts. Any employee who joined the Company after
January&nbsp;15
 1999 is not entitled to retiree medical benefits. The nonqualified plan was terminated in fiscal 2013 and all benefits were distributed in December 2012. There are no obligations as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. 
In March 2010
 the Company determined that the defined benefit pension plan for the bargaining unit employees would be frozen at
July&nbsp;31
 2010 in conjunction with the execution of a new union contract. This amendment was accounted for in accordance with ASC 715
 &#147;















































30
637



26
868



1
996



2
269



























1
323

















































(4
366



2
838













(5
976



































21
203



30
637



1
758



1
996




















 
















































14
671



14
451













1
652

















5
440



































(5
976



































15
787



14
671































(5
416



(15
966



(1
758



(1
996



















Assets (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at July&nbsp;31 consisted of:


















































(5
865













(5
416



(10
101



(1
612



(1
890























(5
416



(15
966



(1
758



(1
996



















Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as of July&nbsp;31 consisted of:














































5
771



12
026



(4
270



(4
686









































5
771



12
026



(4
270



(4
686



















The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $21.2 million and $30.6
million at July&nbsp;31
Information for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of
plan assets as of July&nbsp;31 was as follows: 























21
203



30
637





21
203



30
637





15
787



14
671

Components of net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended July&nbsp;31 were as follows:


























































































1
323



1
258

















(1
006



(1
134



(1
031



















































































































































1
145



1
155












































 



The estimated net loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans that
will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are $0 million and nil
 respectively. The estimated net gain and prior service cost for the other defined benefit post-retirement
plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are $0 million and nil


 prior service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining years of service to full eligibility for benefits of the active plan
participants. For calculation of net periodic pension cost
 prior service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining years of service of the active plan participants. 














































































































Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for the fiscal years ended
July&nbsp;31 were as follows: 





































































































































The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the established asset allocation.






































































Assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care
plans. A one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the following effects: 








































 





 2010
 Diamond adopted the provisions of ASU No.&nbsp;2010-06 on employer&#146;s disclosures about plan assets of a defined benefit pension or other post-retirement plan. The fair
values of the Company&#146;s pension plan assets by asset category were as follows (refer to Note 2 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for description of levels): 
























Fair Value Measurements at July&nbsp;31
 2013









































































5
793



5
793













2
185



2
185































1
626



1
626













5
402



5
402

















































15
787



15
506


















































Fair Value Measurements at July 31
 2012









































































5
602



5
602













1
978



1
978































2
078



2
078













4
039



4
039

















































14
671



14
354



























Pension obligations and expenses are most sensitive to the expected return on pension plan assets and
discount rate assumptions. Other post-retirement benefit obligations and expenses are most sensitive to discount rate assumptions and health care cost trend rate. Diamond determines the expected return on pension plan assets based on an expectation
of the average annual returns over an extended period of time. This expectation is based
 in part
 on the actual returns achieved by the Company&#146;s pension plan in prior periods. The Company also considers the weighted average historical rates
The
investment objectives for the Diamond plans are to maximize total returns within reasonable and prudent levels of risk. The plan asset allocation is a key element in achieving the expected investment returns on plan assets. The current asset
allocation strategy targets an allocation of 60% for equity securities and 40% for debt securities with adequate liquidity to meet expected cash flow needs. Actual asset allocation may fluctuate within acceptable ranges due to market value
variability. If fluctuations cause an asset class to fall outside its strategic asset allocation range
 the portfolio will be rebalanced as appropriate. 
 





 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate
 expected to be paid are as follows: 










































































5
026





On November&nbsp;19
 2012
 Michael Mendes
 our former chief executive officer
 formally resigned from the
Company. The Company and Mr.&nbsp;Mendes entered into a Separation and Clawback Agreement
 pursuant to which Mr.&nbsp;Mendes agreed to deliver to the Company a cash payment of $2.7 million (&#147;Cash Clawback&#148;)
 representing the total value of
his fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 bonuses
 and 6
665 shares of Diamond common stock
 representing the vested shares awarded to Mr.&nbsp;Mendes after fiscal 2010. The Cash Clawback was deducted from the amount Diamond owed to Mr.&nbsp;Mendes pursuant
to the Diamond Foods Retirement Restoration Plan (&#147;SERP&#148;). Mr.&nbsp;Mendes and Diamond have determined that prior to giving effect to the Cash Clawback
 the retirement benefit due to Mr.&nbsp;Mendes in a lump sum under the SERP was
approximately $5.4 million. The SERP amount
 subject to applicable withholding taxes and after giving effect to the Cash Clawback
 was paid in early December 2012. Expenses associated with the payout are included in selling
 general and
administrative expenses
 the returned shares were classified as treasury stock
 and a credit to stock compensation expense was recorded. 


 $1.8 million and $1.4 million for the fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. 
 
 


































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013




















258
462



220
844



184
905



199
801





58
546



50
569



43
350



53
058





54
742



25
935



45
230



197
880





(10
729



10
141



(15
582



(147
062























21
753



21
781



21
819



21
905























21
753



23
215



21
819



21
905


 





































Year ended July&nbsp;31
 2012




















287
393



262
351



207
685



223
989





61
307



41
922



34
228



42
264





59
385



58
033



51
796



61
144





10
801



(20
184



(44
017



(32
936























21
668



21
724



21
752



21
733























22
567



21
724



21
752



21
733





A change in the cost of inventories sold during the previous quarters in the fiscal year results in a pre-tax increase or decrease in cost of sales. Diamond routinely
revises its estimate for expected walnut costs to reflect changes in market conditions and other factors. In the quarter ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 the prior period cost of sales adjustment for changes in walnut prices was $0.4 million.&nbsp;This was
the result of a reduction in walnut prices in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 due to a credit from the Walnut Marketing Board. There were no such changes in estimates in the quarters ended January&nbsp;31
 2013 and April&nbsp;30
 2013.




In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of $96.1
million. Refer to Note 17 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand intangibles and customer contracts and related
relationships. Refer to Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 



Includes acquisition and integration related expenses of $0.7 million
 $11.3 million
 $12.1 million and $17.2 million for the quarters ended July&nbsp;31
2012
&nbsp;April&nbsp;30
 2012
&nbsp;January&nbsp;31
 2012 and October&nbsp;31
 2011
 respectively. 
 
On August&nbsp;21
 2013
 the Company reached a proposed agreement
 preliminary approval of which was granted on
September&nbsp;26
 2013
 to settle the private securities class action that is pending against the Company and two of its former officers. A final approval hearing is currently scheduled for January&nbsp;9
 2014. Under the terms of the preliminarily
approved settlement
 Diamond would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue 4.45&nbsp;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund to resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or otherwise acquired Diamond stock
between October&nbsp;5
 2010 and February&nbsp;8
 2012. The shares will be included within the Company&#146;s earnings per share calculation in the first fiscal quarter of 2014. A portion of the $11.0 million in cash would be funded by
Diamond&#146;s insurers. Pursuant to the preliminary approval motion
 the estimated value of the 4.45&nbsp;million shares of Diamond&#146;s common stock was valued at $85.1 million based on the closing market price of Diamond&#146;s common stock on
the day before the preliminary approval motion
 August&nbsp;20
 2013. The value of the 4.45 million shares of common stock at July 31
 2013 was $90.7 million. With respect to the 4.45&nbsp;million shares
 Diamond would have the ability to privately
place
 or conduct a public offering of
 the shares with the consent of the lead plaintiff and its counsel
 prior to distribution of the settlement fund. In that event
 the settlement fund would include the proceeds of the offering in lieu of the
settlement shares. Until the settlement shares are distributed
 the liability associated with the agreement to issue the settlement shares will be adjusted from period to period based on changes in the Company&#146;s stock price
 with the effect of
The aggregate settlement liability of $96.1 million was
recognized by the Company in the fourth fiscal quarter and included a cash settlement of $11.0 million and a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the close of the stock market on August&nbsp;20
 2013 as set forth in the settlement preliminary
approval motion. The total amount of director and officer liability coverage available under Diamond&#146;s insurance policies is $30 million. As of July 31
 2013
 insurers had paid approximately $12.9 million in insurable expenses. As of July 31
2013
 Diamond had recorded a $15.5 million receivable
 $12.1 million which will be used for the settlement and other 
 



 
legal expenses and $3.4 million for the shareholder derivative settlement. In addition
 Diamond expects to receive $1.6 million related to the shareholder derivative settlement in the first
quarter of fiscal 2014 which will be recorded as a gain. The provision for settlement costs will be adjusted to reflect changes in the fair value of the securities until they are issued following final court approval of the Amended Stipulation of
Settlement. A portion of the cash piece of the settlement will be paid by insurance. The additional shares of common stock would be antidilutive to the earnings per share calculation as of August&nbsp;20
 2013. 
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial

<FONT

disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;) is recorded
 processed
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and that information relating to the Company is accumulated and communicated to our principal officers as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) concluded that
 due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below
 the
Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of July&nbsp;31
Changes in Internal Control
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting for the three months ended
July&nbsp;31
 2013
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect


Company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as is defined in
the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Therefore
 even if determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. We used the framework set forth in &#147;Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework&#148; published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&#147;COSO&#148;) to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. Based on that evaluation
 our management determined that material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting existed as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
A material weakness is a
deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&#146;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. As a result
 management has concluded that the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of July&nbsp;31
 2013. We have reviewed the results of management&#146;s assessment with the
Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of July&nbsp;31
 2013 were: 





 We did not maintain effective controls over the accounting for complex and non-routine transactions.
Specifically
 we did not utilize sufficient technical accounting capabilities related to complex and non-routine transactions. 
 








 We did not design and maintain effective controls over manual journal entries. Specifically
 some key accounting
personnel had the ability to both prepare and post manual journal entries without an independent review by someone without the ability to prepare and post journal entries. 
The complex and non-routine transactions material weakness resulted in audit adjustments related to currency translation associated with
the allocation of goodwill to reporting units resulting from a change in segments
 impairment of a long-lived intangible asset resulting from facility closure
 classification of restricted cash on the consolidated statement of cash flows and the
restatement of the Company&#146;s condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended January&nbsp;31
 2013 to correct diluted earnings (loss) per share. The journal entry material weakness did not result in any audit
adjustments or misstatements. Additionally
 these material weaknesses could result in misstatements of the consolidated financial statements that would result in a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 which
audited our consolidated financial statements
 has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 as stated in their report which appears under Item&nbsp;8. 


 2012
 material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
relating to the control environment
 walnut grower accounting
 and accounts payable and accrued expenses. Management has concluded these material weaknesses were remediated as of July&nbsp;31
 2013
 based on the testing and evaluation of the
We have developed certain remediation
steps to address the other material weaknesses discussed above and to improve our internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated
 these control deficiencies could result in further material misstatements to our financial statements.
The Company and the Board take the control and integrity of the Company&#146;s financial statements seriously and believe that the remediation steps described below are essential to maintaining a strong internal control environment. The following
Complex and Non-routine Transactions






Continued evaluation and enhancement of internal technical accounting capabilities
 augmented by the use of third-party advisors and consultants to
assist with areas requiring specialized technical accounting expertise and reviewed by management. 





Develop and implement technical accounting training
 led by appropriate technical accounting experts
 to enhance awareness and understanding of
standards and principles related to relevant complex technical accounting topics.






Modify accounting system access to ensure that all manual journal entries are independently reviewed by someone who does not have the ability to both
prepare and post manual journal entries. 
 



We are committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment
 and believe that
these remediation actions will represent significant improvements in our controls when they are fully implemented. We have begun to implement remediation steps
 but some steps have not had sufficient time to be fully integrated in the operations of
our internal control over financial reporting. As such
 the identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting will not be considered remediated until controls have been designed and controls are in operation for a
sufficient period of time for our management to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. Additional remediation measures may be required
 which may require additional implementation time. We will continue to assess the
effectiveness of our remediation efforts in connection with our evaluations of internal control over financial reporting. 





















Date: October 9

<FONT

 







&#148;
&#147;Executive Compensation &#151; Executive Officers
&#148; &#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Matters&#148; of the Company&#146;s Proxy Statement for the 2014
Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the &#147;2014 Proxy Statement&#148;). 
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to


The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to disclosure under the subheadings &#147;Executive Compensation &#151;


 and Director Independence
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the subheadings &#147;Certain Relationships and Related Party
Principal Accounting Fees and
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the &#147;Proposal No.&nbsp;2
&#151; Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm &#151; Audit Fees&#148; section of the 2014 Proxy Statement. 
 








(b) Consolidated Balance Sheets at July&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012 
(c) Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 
(g) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012
 2011 
(h) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 
(i) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011 


Exhibits required by
The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or are incorporated by reference
to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 


















This&nbsp;
Report
















Certificate of Incorporation
 as amended







July&nbsp;15
&nbsp;2005











March&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2005











July 18
 2005



Rights Agreement
 dated as of April 29
 2005
 by and between Registrant and EquiServe Trust Company
 N.A







May 3
 2005



Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement between Registrant and EquiServe Trust Company
 N.A.
 dated April 5
 2011







April 5
 2011



Amendment No. 2 to the Rights Agreement dated May 22
 2012 by and between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and Computershare Trust Company
 N.A.







May 30
 2012



Senior Note issued to OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.
 dated May&nbsp;29
 2012.







May&nbsp;30
 2012



Redeemable Note issued to OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.
 dated May 29
 2012.







May 30
 2012
 





















This&nbsp;
Report
















Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.
 dated May 29
 2012.







May 30
 2012



2005 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of stock option agreement
 stock option exercise agreement and restricted stock purchase agreement







March 25
 2005











July 20
 2007











January 10
 2007











March 25
 2005



Diamond Walnut Growers
 Inc. 401(k) Plan







March 25
 2005



Diamond Walnut Growers
 Inc. Retirement Restoration Plan







March 25
 2005











March 25
 2005



Diamond Walnut Growers
 Inc. Pension Plan
 as restated







March&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2005











March 25
 2005











May 3
 2005



Diamond Foods
 Inc. Key Executive Retention Plan







February 24
 2012











November&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2011











November 21
 2012



Employment Agreement
 dated March 25
 1997
 between Registrant and Michael J. Mendes







March 25
 2005



Employment Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;4
 2012
 between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and Brian Driscoll







May 7
 2012



Offer Letter between Steven M. Neil and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







March 11
 2008



Offer Letter between Lloyd Johnson and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







September 25
 2008



Offer Letter between Linda Segre and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







September&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2009



Offer Letter between David Colo and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







December 17
 2012



Offer Letter between Raymond Silcock and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







June 10
 2013



Separation and Clawback Agreement
 dated November 19
 2012 between Michael Mendes and Diamond Foods
 Inc.







December 17
 2012











May 3
 2005
 





















This&nbsp;
Report
















Form of Walnut Purchase Agreement introduced on May&nbsp;18
 2012







May&nbsp;23
&nbsp;2012



Credit Agreement
 dated as of February 25
 2010
 by and among Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 the Lenders party thereto
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 Banc of America Securities LLC and Barclays
Capital







November&nbsp;14
&nbsp;2012



Letter Agreement amending Credit Agreement between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and Bank of America N.A.
 dated March 26
 2010







November 14
 2012



Forbearance Agreement and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement between Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Bank of America N.A. and the lenders thereto
 dated March 21
 2012







March 21
 2012



Waiver and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement between Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Bank of America
 N.A. and the lenders thereto
 dated May 22
 2012







May 23
 2012



Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement between Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 and lenders thereto
 dated July
 27
 2012







November 14
 2012



Waiver and Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement between Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Bank of America
 N.A. and the lenders thereto
 dated August 23
 2012







November 14
 2012



Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;22
 2012
 by and among Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. and the other Purchasers party thereto.







May 23
 2012



Amendment to Securities Purchase Agreement
 dated May 29
 2012
 by and between Diamond Foods
 Inc. and OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd.







May 30
 2012



Registration Rights Agreement
 dated May&nbsp;29
 2012
 by and among Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 OCM PF/FF Adamantine Holdings
 Ltd. and the other Purchasers party to the Securities
Purchase Agreement
 dated May 22
 2012.







May 30
 2012



Separation and Release Letter Agreement with Andrew P. Burke
 effective June 28
 2013







July 1
 2013



Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation Arrangements
 effective September 2013











List of Subsidiaries of Diamond Foods
 Inc.








 























This&nbsp;
Report














































































































































































 which are included in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 are not required here because they are not applicable. 
 



 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 






DIAMOND FOODS
 INC. 
















Date: October 9
 2013
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 






















October&nbsp;3
 2013















October 3
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013















September&nbsp;27
 2013







 















The compensation arrangements for the non-employee members of the Board of Directors of Diamond Foods
 Inc. are as follows:







Grant of restricted stock under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan. The number of shares of restricted stock is equal to $120
000 divided by the closing
price of our stock on the date of grant. We retain the right to repurchase these shares for the nominal purchase price until they are vested. The restricted shares vest in three equal annual installments
 commencing with the first anniversary of the
date of grant
 provided the director remains in continuous service as a director through that date. Prior to vesting
 the director is entitled to vote and receive dividends with respect to such shares
 but not to transfer them. Each award will
become fully vested if we are acquired prior to or at the time of the director&#146;s termination of service. 





Grant of an option to purchase $10
000 shares of our common stock
 under our 2005 Equity Incentive Plan
 at an exercise price per share equal to the
fair market value of our common stock on the date of grant. These automatic option grants have ten-year terms and will terminate six months following the date the director ceases to be one of our directors or consultants or 12&nbsp;months following
that date
 if the termination is due to death or disability. Each automatic grant of options vests and becomes exercisable in full on the anniversary of the date of grant
 provided the director remains in continuous service as a director through
that date. In addition







Retainer of $60


000 shares of Diamond Foods
 Inc. common stock under the Diamond Foods
 Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan at the fair market value at the time of the award
 to be granted on the
Potential additional payments for Board and committee assignments:






Annual retainer of $145
000 for the Chairman of the Board 






Annual retainers of $18
000 for the Chairman of the Audit Committee and $8
000 for other Audit Committee members. 






Annual retainers of $12
000 for the Chairman of the Compensation Committee and $7
000 for other Compensation Committee members.








Annual retainers of $9
000 for the Chairman of the Nominating&nbsp;&amp; Governance Committee and $4
000 for other Nominating&nbsp;&amp; Governance
Committee members. 





Per meeting fee of $1
500 per Board meeting in the event a director attends more than seven meetings per year. 






Per meeting fee of $1
500 per Committee meeting in the event a director attends more than seven meetings of that Committee per year
In addition to the foregoing
 non-employee members of our Board of Directors are reimbursed for their
In
September 2013
 the Board of Directors approved a one-time payment to the members of the Audit Committee as compensation for their work during the restatement of fiscal 2010 and 2011 financial results. $10
000 was paid to each of Ed Blechschmidt
Alison Davis and Nigel Rees. 
 















 Inc. 


































Kettle Foods Holdings
 Inc.







Kettle Foods
 Inc. (US operating company)


























333-185339
 333-177008
 333-169766
 333-162222
 333-153672
 333-140066
 and 333-126743) of Diamond Foods
 Inc. of our report
dated October 9
 2013 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which appears in this Form 
San Francisco
October&nbsp;9
 2013 















by reference in Registration Statement Nos.&nbsp;333-185339
 333-177008
 333-169766
 333-162222
 333-153672
 333-140066
 and 333-126743 on Form S-8
 and Registration Statement No.&nbsp;333-162221 on Form S-3 of our report dated December&nbsp;6
 2012
(October 9
 2013 as to the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended July&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011 and the retrospective adjustment to the financial statement disclosures in Note 13 &#151; Segment Reporting for the
years ended July&nbsp;31
 2012 and 2011) relating to the consolidated financial statements of Diamond Foods
 Inc. as of July&nbsp;31
 2012 and for each of the two fiscal years in the period then ended appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of
Diamond Foods
 Inc. for the year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013. 
San Francisco
October&nbsp;9
 2013
















 Brian J. Driscoll
 certify that: 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamond Foods
 Inc.; 
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 





















Date: October 9
 2013 















 Raymond Silcock
 certify that: 
1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Diamond Foods
 Inc.; 
2. Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made


 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of
 and for
4. The registrant&#146;s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
(b) designed such internal control over financial
reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s
5. The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process


 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 





















Date: October 9
 2013 

















 Brian
J. Driscoll
 President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that: 
(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013 (the &#147;Report&#148;)


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 





















Date: October 9




 Raymond
Silcock
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of Diamond Foods
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that:
(1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended July&nbsp;31
 2013 (the


 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 





















Date: October 9
 2013 



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table presents the carrying value and fair value of our outstanding
 Oaktree debt as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;103
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;103
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Redeemable
 Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;89
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net interest
 expense as of July&amp;#xA0;31 :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Oaktree Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Guaranteed
 Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capitalized
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Land and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Buildings and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Machinery
 equipment and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;214
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;169
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;297
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;268
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(119
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Components of
 net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of net
 (gain) loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlement
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Curtailment
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic benefit cost
 / (income)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(9)
 Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and equipment consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Land and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Buildings and
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Machinery
 equipment and
 software&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;214
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;169
211&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
236&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;297
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;268
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(119
830&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For fiscal
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 depreciation expense was $25.6 million
 $20.3
 million and $20.0 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During the
 fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1
 million associated with equipment that either is not currently
 being utilized or will not be utilized for its remaining useful
 life.&amp;#xA0;The fair value of the equipment was determined utilizing
 third party quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During fiscal
 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of
 leasehold and building improvement assets at the Fishers facility.
 Refer to Note 10 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further discussion on the Fishers facility
 closure.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amounts
 billed to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in
 net sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of sales
 as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(7) Notes
 Payable and Long-Term Obligations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long term
 debt outstanding as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;371
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Oaktree Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;210
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;184
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Guaranteed
 Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;590
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;605
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: current
 portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;585
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;599
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net interest
 expense as of July&amp;#xA0;31 :&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Oaktree Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Guaranteed
 Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capitalized
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
918&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In February
 2010
 Diamond entered into an agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Secured Credit
 Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with a syndicate of lenders for a five-year $600
 million secured credit facility (the &amp;#x201C;Secured Credit
 Facility&amp;#x201D;). Diamond&amp;#x2019;s Secured Credit Facility initially
 consisted of a $200 million revolving credit facility and a $400
 million term loan. In March 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s request for a $35 million increase in our revolving
 credit facility to $235 million
 under the same terms. In August
 2011
 the syndicate of lenders approved Diamond&amp;#x2019;s request for
 a $50 million increase in our revolving credit facility to $285
 million
 under the same terms. As a part of the Waiver and Third
 Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility (&amp;#x201C;Third
 Amendment&amp;#x201D;)
 the revolving credit facility was reduced from
 $285 million to $255 million in May 2012 and to $230 million in
 July 2013. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the revolving credit facility
 had $230 million in capacity
 of which $154 million was
 outstanding. The capacity under the revolving credit facility was
 decreased to $230 million effective July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and will
 decrease to $180 million effective January&amp;#xA0;31
 2014. In May
 2012
 Diamond made a $100 million pre-payment on the term loan
 facility as part of the Third Amendment. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the term loan facility had $215 million in capacity
 of which $215
 million was outstanding. In addition
 scheduled principal payments
 on the term loan facility were $0.9 million (due quarterly)
 with
 the remaining principal balance and any outstanding loans under the
 revolving credit facility to be repaid on May&amp;#xA0;25
 2015. For
 fiscal 2013
 the blended interest rate for the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated borrowings
 excluding the Oaktree debt
 was 6.7%.
 Substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s tangible and intangible
 assets are considered collateral security under the Secured Credit
 Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Secured
 Credit Facility provides for customary affirmative and negative
 covenants and cross default provisions that may be triggered if
 Diamond fails to comply with obligations under their other credit
 facilities or indebtedness. Beginning on October&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s senior debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio
 (&amp;#x201C;Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio&amp;#x201D;)
 as defined in
 the Third Amendment
 will be limited to no more than 4.70 to 1.00
 and the fixed charge coverage ratio to no less than 2.00 to 1.00.
 The Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio covenant will decline each
 quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter ending
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In December
 2010
 Kettle Foods obtained
 and Diamond guaranteed
 a 10-year
 fixed rate loan (the &amp;#x201C;Guaranteed Loan&amp;#x201D;) in the
 principal amount of $21.2 million
 of which $10.6 million was
 outstanding as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. Principal and interest
 payments are due monthly throughout the term of the loan. The
 Guaranteed Loan was being used to purchase equipment for the
 Beloit
 Wisconsin plant expansion. Borrowed funds have been placed
 in an interest-bearing escrow account and will be made available as
 expenditures are approved for reimbursement. As the cash will be
 used to purchase non-current assets
 such restricted cash has been
 classified as non-current on the balance sheet. In December 2012
 the remaining balance within the escrow account was released back
 to the lender and was used to pay down the outstanding loan
 balance. Also
 as part of the paydown
 the Company paid a 4%
 prepayment penalty
 which was recorded in interest
 expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Guaranteed Loan provides for customary affirmative and negative
 covenants
 which are similar to the covenants under the Secured
 Credit Facility. The financial covenants within the Guaranteed Loan
 were reset to match those in the Third Amendment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In March
 2012
 Diamond reached an agreement with its lenders to forbear from
 seeking any remedies under the Secured Credit Facility with respect
 to specified existing and anticipated non-compliance with the
 credit agreement and to amend its credit agreement. Under the
 amended credit agreement
 Diamond had continued access to its
 existing revolving credit facility through a forbearance period
 (initially through June&amp;#xA0;18
 2012) subject to Diamond&amp;#x2019;s
 compliance with the terms and conditions of the amended credit
 agreement. During the forbearance period
 the interest rate on
 borrowings increased.&amp;#xA0;The amended credit agreement required
 Diamond to suspend dividend payments to stockholders.&amp;#xA0;In
 addition
 Diamond paid a forbearance fee of 25 basis points to its
 lenders. The forbearance period concluded on May&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 when Diamond closed agreements to recapitalize its balance sheet
 with an investment by Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P.
 (&amp;#x201C;Oaktree&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Oaktree
 investment initially consists of $225 million of newly-issued
 senior notes and a warrant to purchase approximately
 4.4&amp;#xA0;million shares of Diamond common stock. The senior notes
 will mature in 2020 and bear interest at 12%&amp;#xA0;per year that may
 be paid-in-kind at Diamond&amp;#x2019;s option for the first two
 years.&amp;#xA0;Oaktree&amp;#x2019;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per
 share starting on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. The Oaktree agreements do not
 impose any covenants incremental to those under the Secured Credit
 Facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Oaktree
 agreements provided that if Diamond secured a specified minimum
 supply of walnuts from the 2012 crop and achieved profitability
 targets for its nut businesses for the six-month period ended
 January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the warrant would be cancelled and Oaktree
 would have had the ability to exchange $75 million of the senior
 notes for convertible preferred stock of Diamond (the
 &amp;#x201C;Special Redemption&amp;#x201D;). The convertible preferred stock
 would have had an initial conversion price of $20.75
 which
 represented a 3.5% discount to the closing price of Diamond common
 stock on April&amp;#xA0;25
 2012
 the date that the Company entered
 into its commitment with Oaktree.&amp;#xA0;The convertible preferred
 stock would have paid a 10% dividend that would be paid in-kind for
 the first two years. The warrant is accounted for as a derivative
 liability with gains or losses included in (gain) loss on warrant
 liability in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Statements of Operations. Based on
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s operating results for the six months ended
 January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Special Redemption did not
 occur.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pursuant to
 the Oaktree agreements
 Diamond was permitted to prepay all (but
 not part) of the principal on the Oaktree notes at a 1% premium
 prior to May&amp;#xA0;29
 2013.&amp;#xA0;Beginning on May&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 the applicable premium increased to 12% and would be applied to any
 prepayments of principal (including partial prepayments).&amp;#xA0;This
 premium will reduce to 6% on May&amp;#xA0;29
 2016
 3% on May&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 and nil on May&amp;#xA0;29
 2018.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 May&amp;#xA0;22
 2012
 Diamond entered into the Waiver and Third
 Amendment to its Secured Credit Facility (&amp;#x201C;Third
 Amendment&amp;#x201D;) which provided for a lower level of total bank
 debt
 initially at $475 million
 along with substantial covenant
 relief until October&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. At that time
 these covenants
 will become applicable at revised levels set forth in the amendment
 (initially 4.70 to 1.00 for the Consolidated Senior Leverage Ratio
 declining each quarter
 ultimately to 3.25 to 1.00 in the quarter
 ending July&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 and thereafter
 and 2.00 to 1.00 for the
 fixed charge coverage ratio). The Third Amendment included a new
 covenant requiring that Diamond have at least $20 million of cash
 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability at all times
 beginning February&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. In addition
 the Third Amendment
 required a $100 million pre-payment of the term loan facility
 while reducing the remaining scheduled principal payments from $10
 million to $0.9 million. The Third Amendment also amends the
 definition of &amp;#x201C;Applicable Rate&amp;#x201D; under the Secured
 Credit Agreement (which sets the margin over the London Interbank
 Offered Rate (&amp;#x201C;LIBOR&amp;#x201D;) and the base rate at which loans
 under the Secured Credit Agreement bear interest). Under the Third
 Amendment
 initially
 Eurodollar rate loans bore interest at 5.50%
 plus the LIBOR for the applicable loan period
 and base rate loans
 bore interest at 450 basis points plus the highest of (i)&amp;#xA0;the
 Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;the Prime Rate
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;Eurodollar Rates plus 100 basis points. The LIBOR rate
 is subject to a LIBOR floor
 initially 125 basis points (the
 &amp;#x201C;LIBOR Floor&amp;#x201D;). The applicable rate will decline if and
 when Diamond achieves reductions in its ratio of senior debt to
 EBITDA. The Third Amendment also eliminated the requirement that
 proceeds of future equity issuances be applied to repay outstanding
 loans
 and waived certain covenants in connection with
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s restatement of its consolidated financial
 statements. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company was compliant
 with financial and reporting covenants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 operating leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 geographic distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s long-lived assets
 as of July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;103
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;116
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Acquisition and Integration Related
 Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition
 and integration related expenses are costs incurred to effect a
 business combination and subsequently to integrate the acquired
 business into the Company.&amp;#xA0;These expenses are shown as a
 separate line within operating expenses and are expensed as
 incurred. These expenses may include transaction related bank
 legal
 human resource
 purchase price valuation and business
 strategy consulting fees
 as well as business and systems
 integration costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured.
 Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting
 payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount
 the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the
 level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent
 upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and
 sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs.
 Customers have the right to return certain products. Product
 returns are estimated based upon historical results and are
 reflected as a reduction in sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 geographic distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales for the
 fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;659
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;754
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;676
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;134
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;141
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;161
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;70
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;128
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;966
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14)
 Valuation Reserves and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;br /&gt;
 charged&amp;#xA0;to&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
 Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;br /&gt;
 from&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;End of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Asset
 Valuation Allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deductions from reserves
 include asset write-offs and/or recoveries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amounts
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net loss
 (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes option activity during&amp;#xA0;fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;78
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and
 Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Management
 reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) 360
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant
 and&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Equipment&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are
 reviewed annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#x2014; Goodwill and Other
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; or
 more often if there are indications of possible
 impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The analysis
 to determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires
 significant judgments that are dependent on internal forecasts
 including estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term
 growth rates for our business
 the expected life over which cash
 flows will be realized and assumed royalty and discount rates.
 Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect
 the determination of fair value and any impairment charge. While
 the fair value of these assets exceeds their carrying value based
 on management&amp;#x2019;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially
 different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to
 changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased
 competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of
 sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons
 could result in the recognition of impairment losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For assets to
 be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and
 long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates a
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its
 carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized
 is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for
 impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair
 value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is
 based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash
 flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received
 under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 using inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
 brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that
 approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value
 exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is
 considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in an
 amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair
 value of the brand intangible asset. The Company performed the
 annual intangible asset impairment analysis as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2013 and determined that there was a $36.0 million impairment
 charge related to the Kettle U.S. trade name.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as
 of June&amp;#xA0;30th of each year. As a result of the segment
 reporting changes for the period ended January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 goodwill impairment will now be tested at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating segments. In fiscal 2012
 the
 Company performed its goodwill impairment test at the single
 reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit will be
 calculated using a blend of the income and market approach.
 Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting
 unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written
 down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an
 income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include
 (i)&amp;#xA0;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&amp;#xA0;forecasted
 profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration
 of historical performance and management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future
 performance
 and (iii)&amp;#xA0;discount rates that are used to
 calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
 derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital.
 Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and
 assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major
 assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples
 applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and
 income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
 management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of
 operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate
 future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate
 future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change
 in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply
 would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the
 reporting units.&amp;#xA0;Future business results could significantly
 impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material
 impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment
 existed
 and the size of any such impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assumed trend
 rates for medical plans were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Health care cost trend
 rate assumed for next year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate to which the cost
 trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year the rate reaches
 ultimate trend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Obligations
 and funded status of the remaining benefit plans at July&amp;#xA0;31
 were:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 99pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Benefit Obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan
 amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss
 (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 75pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Plan Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer
 contribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Funded status at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories
 consisted of the following at July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Raw materials and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Work in
 process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;115
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 significant Level 3 unobservable inputs used in the valuation are
 shown below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Probability of Special
 Redemption&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Estimated
 future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as
 appropriate
 expected to be paid are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a reconciliation of activity for fiscal 2013 liabilities
 measured at fair value based on Level&amp;#xA0;3 inputs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrant
 Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Transfers out of Level
 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Included in
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases
 issuances
 sales and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Issuances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(36
461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ending
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total amount of gains or
 losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held
 at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p&gt;&lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;258
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;220
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;184
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;199
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit
 (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;50
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;197
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(147
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss)
 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;287
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;262
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;207
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;223
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(20
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(44
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(32
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss)
 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A change in the cost of
 inventories sold during the previous quarters in the fiscal year
 results in a pre-tax increase or decrease in cost of sales. Diamond
 routinely revises its estimate for expected walnut costs to reflect
 changes in market conditions and other factors. In the quarter
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the prior period cost of sales adjustment
 for changes in walnut prices was $0.4 million.&amp;#xA0;This was the
 result of a reduction in walnut prices in the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013 due to a credit from the Walnut Marketing Board. There
 were no such changes in estimates in the quarters ended
 January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and April&amp;#xA0;30
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with
 the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of
 $96.1 million. Refer to Note 17 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company
 recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand
 intangibles and customer contracts and related relationships. Refer
 to Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Includes acquisition and
 integration related expenses of $0.7 million
 $11.3 million
 $12.1
 million and $17.2 million for the quarters ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
&amp;#xA0;April&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
&amp;#xA0;January&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and
 October&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense consisted of the following for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total tax
 provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diamond
 accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxe&lt;/i&gt;s.&amp;#x201D; which requires that deferred tax
 assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of
 temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement
 and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at current tax
 rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be
 reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that
 some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
 realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on
 both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is reviewed
 periodically to determine if any additional valuation allowance is
 necessary when it is more likely than not that amounts will not be
 recovered.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;There are
 inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax
 regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
 Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are
 supportable
 but are potentially subject to successful challenge by
 the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and
 liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on
 uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax
 uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
 the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them
 accordingly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long term
 debt outstanding as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Secured Credit
 Facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;371
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Oaktree Debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;210
926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;184
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Guaranteed
 Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total outstanding
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;590
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;605
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: current
 portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total long-term
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;585
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;599
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Information
 for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess
 of plan assets as of July&amp;#xA0;31 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and gross profit by segment for
 the&amp;#xA0;fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net
 sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;426
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;556
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;562
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;966
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross
 profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;152
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;128
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;131
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;205
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;179
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;216
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(16)
 Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;258
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;220
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;184
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;199
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit
 (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
546&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;50
569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43
350&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25
935&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
230&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;197
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(147
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss)
 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6.71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
753&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23
215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;287
393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;262
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;207
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;223
989&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41
922&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating expenses
 (3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(20
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(44
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(32
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic earnings (loss) per
 share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
668&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted earnings (loss)
 per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(0.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted shares (in
 thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A change in the cost of
 inventories sold during the previous quarters in the fiscal year
 results in a pre-tax increase or decrease in cost of sales. Diamond
 routinely revises its estimate for expected walnut costs to reflect
 changes in market conditions and other factors. In the quarter
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the prior period cost of sales adjustment
 for changes in walnut prices was $0.4 million.&amp;#xA0;This was the
 result of a reduction in walnut prices in the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013 due to a credit from the Walnut Marketing Board. There
 were no such changes in estimates in the quarters ended
 January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and April&amp;#xA0;30
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with
 the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of
 $96.1 million. Refer to Note 17 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company
 recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand
 intangibles and customer contracts and related relationships. Refer
 to Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Includes acquisition and
 integration related expenses of $0.7 million
 $11.3 million
 $12.1
 million and $17.2 million for the quarters ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
&amp;#xA0;April&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
&amp;#xA0;January&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and
 October&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 computations for basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: income allocated to
 participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income (loss)
 attributable to common shareholders &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Add: undistributed income
 attributable to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: undistributed
 income reallocated to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income (loss)
 attributable to common shareholders &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dilutive shares &amp;#x2014;
 stock options and warrant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income (loss) per share
 attributable to common shareholders (1):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Computations may reflect
 rounding adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10)
 Fishers Facility Closure&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 October&amp;#xA0;25
 2012
 Diamond announced a plan to consolidate its
 manufacturing operations within the Nuts reportable segment
 and to
 close its facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Certain manufacturing
 equipment at Fishers has been relocated to Diamond&amp;#x2019;s facility
 in Stockton
 California. During fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset
 impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with Fishers
 equipment that was not moved to the Stockton facility. The fair
 value of the equipment was determined by management utilizing a
 combination of price quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis.
 Within selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the Company
 recorded severance expense for the twelve months ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 of $1.2 million related to Fishers employees.
 The Company has made payments of $1.0 million related to severance
 expense in the twelve months ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In fiscal
 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of
 leasehold and building improvement assets at the Fishers facility
 to correspond with the estimated cease use date
 and recorded
 additional depreciation expense of $0.9 million
 respectively
 within selling
 general and administrative expenses. In fiscal
 2013
 the Company also classified approximately $0.7 million of
 assets as held for sale. The Company sold these assets in fiscal
 2013 for a gain of $0.3 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recorded an additional charge of $4.9 million associated with the
 Fishers facility future lease obligations in the third quarter of
 fiscal 2013 when the cease-use date occurred
 within selling
 general and administrative expenses. This charge included an
 estimate of sublease rental income. The future cash lease and
 maintenance related payments made by the Company will reduce this
 liability. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 the Company has outstanding
 $4.6 million associated with the Fishers facility future lease
 obligation. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the exit of the Fishers
 facility is complete.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All
 inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or weighted average) or market. The Company has entered
 into walnut purchase agreements with growers
 under which they
 deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and
 pursuant to the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines
 the price for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the
 fiscal year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our
 discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market
 conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other
 relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will
 be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company
 estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial
 statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to
 changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change
 could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted
 for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost
 of goods sold if the inventory is sold through.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and
 amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the
 estimated useful lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for
 buildings and ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment
 and software.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities
 (primarily money market funds) with maturities at date of purchase
 of three months or less. At July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 we had a total of
 $5.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $2.6
 million was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is
 our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future
 foreign earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient
 working capital and expand operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance
 beginning of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax position related to
 current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax positions related to
 prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Statute of limitations
 closures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance
 end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The changes
 in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snacks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nuts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;409
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;409
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(15)
 Retirement Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diamond
 provides retiree medical benefits and sponsors one defined benefit
 pension plan. The defined benefit plan is a qualified plan covering
 all bargaining unit employees. Diamond uses a July&amp;#xA0;31
 measurement date for its plans. Plan assets are held in trust and
 primarily include mutual funds and money market accounts. Any
 employee who joined the Company after January&amp;#xA0;15
 1999 is not
 entitled to retiree medical benefits. The nonqualified plan was
 terminated in fiscal 2013 and all benefits were distributed in
 December 2012. There are no obligations as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In March
 2010
 the Company determined that the defined benefit pension plan
 for the bargaining unit employees would be frozen at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010 in conjunction with the execution of a new union contract.
 This amendment was accounted for in accordance with ASC 715
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement
 Benefits&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Obligations
 and funded status of the remaining benefit plans at July&amp;#xA0;31
 were:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 99pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Benefit Obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
868&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan
 amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss
 (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 75pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Change in
 Plan Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
652&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;709&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer
 contribution&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
976&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Funded status at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assets
 (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at
 July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amounts
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net loss
 (gain)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension
 plans was $21.2 million and $30.6 million at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Information
 for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess
 of plan assets as of July&amp;#xA0;31 was as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
637&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Components of
 net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;79&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
006&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
031&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of net
 (gain) loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(712&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(795&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlement
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Curtailment
 cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;71&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic benefit cost
 / (income)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The estimated
 net loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension
 plans that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive
 income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are
 $0 million and nil
 respectively. The estimated net gain and prior
 service cost for the other defined benefit post-retirement plans
 that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income
 into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year are $0
 million and nil
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For
 calculation of retiree medical benefit cost
 prior service cost is
 amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining years
 of service to full eligibility for benefits of the active plan
 participants. For calculation of net periodic pension cost
 prior
 service cost is amortized on a straight-line basis over the average
 remaining years of service of the active plan
 participants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Assumptions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations at July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for the fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected long-term return
 on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The expected
 long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on the established
 asset allocation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assumed trend
 rates for medical plans were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Health care cost trend
 rate assumed for next year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate to which the cost
 trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year the rate reaches
 ultimate trend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assumed
 health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the
 amounts reported for health care plans. A one-percentage-point
 change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the
 following effects:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Increase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Decrease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Effect on total of
 service and interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Effect on post-retirement
 benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Plan
 Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Effective
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010
 Diamond adopted the provisions of ASU
 No.&amp;#xA0;2010-06 on employer&amp;#x2019;s disclosures about plan assets
 of a defined benefit pension or other post-retirement plan. The
 fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets by asset
 category were as follows (refer to Note 2 to the Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for description of
 levels):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of pension plan assets by asset category are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value
 Measurements at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value
 Measurements at July 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pension
 obligations and expenses are most sensitive to the expected return
 on pension plan assets and discount rate assumptions. Other
 post-retirement benefit obligations and expenses are most sensitive
 to discount rate assumptions and health care cost trend rate.
 Diamond determines the expected return on pension plan assets based
 on an expectation of the average annual returns over an extended
 period of time. This expectation is based
 in part
 on the actual
 returns achieved by the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan in prior
 periods. The Company also considers the weighted average historical
 rates of return on securities with similar characteristics to those
 in which the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension assets are
 invested.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 investment objectives for the Diamond plans are to maximize total
 returns within reasonable and prudent levels of risk. The plan
 asset allocation is a key element in achieving the expected
 investment returns on plan assets. The current asset allocation
 strategy targets an allocation of 60% for equity securities and 40%
 for debt securities with adequate liquidity to meet expected cash
 flow needs. Actual asset allocation may fluctuate within acceptable
 ranges due to market value variability. If fluctuations cause an
 asset class to fall outside its strategic asset allocation range
 the portfolio will be rebalanced as appropriate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Flows&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Estimated
 future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as
 appropriate
 expected to be paid are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;745&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019 &amp;#x2014;
 2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
026&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 November&amp;#xA0;19
 2012
 Michael Mendes
 our former chief executive
 officer
 formally resigned from the Company. The Company and
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes entered into a Separation and Clawback Agreement
 pursuant to which Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes agreed to deliver to the Company
 a cash payment of $2.7 million (&amp;#x201C;Cash Clawback&amp;#x201D;)
 representing the total value of his fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011
 bonuses
 and 6
665 shares of Diamond common stock
 representing the
 vested shares awarded to Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes after fiscal 2010. The
 Cash Clawback was deducted from the amount Diamond owed to
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes pursuant to the Diamond Foods Retirement
 Restoration Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;). Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes and Diamond
 have determined that prior to giving effect to the Cash Clawback
 the retirement benefit due to Mr.&amp;#xA0;Mendes in a lump sum under
 the SERP was approximately $5.4 million. The SERP amount
 subject
 to applicable withholding taxes and after giving effect to the Cash
 Clawback
 was paid in early December 2012. Expenses associated with
 the payout are included in selling
 general and administrative
 expenses
 the returned shares were classified as treasury stock
 and a credit to stock compensation expense was recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Defined
 Contribution Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 also recognized defined contribution plan expenses of $1.8 million
 $1.8 million and $1.4 million for the fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4)
 Earnings Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;ASC
 260
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Earnings Per
 Share
&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;impacts the determination and
 reporting of earnings (loss) per share by requiring the inclusion
 of participating securities
 which have the right to share in
 dividends
 if declared
 equally with common shareholders.
 Participating securities are allocated a proportional share of net
 income determined by dividing total weighted average participating
 securities by the sum of total weighted average common shares and
 participating securities (&amp;#x201C;the two-class method&amp;#x201D;). ASC
 260 also impacts the determination and reporting of earnings (loss)
 per share by requiring inclusion of the impact of changes in fair
 value of warrant liabilities
 such as the Oaktree warrant liability
 described in Note 7 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements. Including these participating securities and changes in
 warrant liability in the Company&amp;#x2019;s earnings per share
 calculation has the effect of reducing earnings and increasing
 losses on both basic and diluted earnings (loss) per
 share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 computations for basic and diluted earnings per share are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
567&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: income allocated to
 participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income (loss)
 attributable to common shareholders &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Add: undistributed income
 attributable to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: undistributed
 income reallocated to participating securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income (loss)
 attributable to common shareholders &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
336&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26
097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dilutive shares &amp;#x2014;
 stock options and warrant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average shares
 outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income (loss) per share
 attributable to common shareholders (1):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Computations may reflect
 rounding adjustments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options to
 purchase 1
457
076
 2
079
535 and 1
771
253 shares of common stock
 were outstanding at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Because the Company was in a loss position for fiscal
 2013 and fiscal 2012 stock options and restricted stock units
 outstanding were excluded in the computation of diluted earnings
 (loss) per share because their effect would be antidilutive.
 Additionally
 as the Company was in a loss position and the change
 in the fair value of the warrant liability resulted in a loss for
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 a numerator adjustment was not made to
 the diluted earnings (loss) per share calculation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Options to
 purchase 978
024
 776
184
 and 87
500 shares of common stock were
 not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share for
 fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 respectively
 because their exercise
 prices were greater than the average market price of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s common stock and therefore their effect would be
 antidilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Certain
 Risks and Concentrations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues are principally derived from the sale of
 snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s operating results. Sales to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 18% and 15% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for
 approximately 9%
 12% and 11% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more
 than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 2012 or 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s effective income tax rate is as follows for the
 fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal tax at statutory
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(61
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(29
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State tax
 net of federal
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net tax benefit of
 earnings at lower rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrual for uncertain tax
 positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Financing
 related&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic production
 activities deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impact of tax law
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impact of valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Changes in
 estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income taxes
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates
 would have the following effects:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Increase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;One&lt;br /&gt;
 Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 Point&lt;br /&gt;
 Decrease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Effect on total of
 service and interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Effect on post-retirement
 benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The tax
 effect of temporary differences and net operating losses which give
 rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the
 following as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 Allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;32
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State tax
 credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Retirement
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net Operating
 Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employee stock
 compensation benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;125
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 Allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(90
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(39
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;114
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Unremitted
 Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;141
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred taxes
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(109
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(122
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Composed of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net current deferred
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net non-current deferred
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(106
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(125
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred taxes
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(109
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(122
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diamond
 accounts for the warrant issued as part of the Oaktree transaction
 as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records
 derivative financial instruments at fair value in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the
 transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
 reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
 of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period
 earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign
 Currency Translation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 functional currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations is
 the applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
 currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts
 using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet
 date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange
 in effect during the applicable period. The translation adjustments
 are deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity
 in Accumulated other comprehensive income. Translation adjustments
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income were $4.6
 million and $10.3 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
 Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
 GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated
 financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results
 could differ materially from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On an ongoing
 basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related
 to revenue recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee
 benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
 believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for
 management&amp;#x2019;s judgments about the carrying values of assets
 and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1)
 Organization and Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Business&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diamond
 Foods
 Inc. (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;Diamond&amp;#x201D;) is
 an innovative packaged food company focused on building and
 energizing brands. Diamond specializes in processing
 marketing and
 distributing snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient
 nuts. In 2004
 Diamond complemented its strong heritage in the
 culinary nut market under the Diamond of California&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;brand
 by launching a line of snack nuts under the Emerald&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;brand.
 In 2008
 Diamond acquired the Pop Secret&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;brand
 of microwave popcorn products
 which provided the Company with
 increased scale in the snack market
 significant supply chain
 economies of scale and cross promotional opportunities with its
 existing brands. In March 2010
 Diamond acquired Kettle Foods
 a
 leading premium potato chip company in the two largest potato chip
 markets in the world
 the United States and the United Kingdom
 which added the complementary premium Kettle Brand&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;sup style=POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex; VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline&gt;&amp;#xAE;&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;to
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s existing portfolio of leading brands in the snack
 industry. Diamond sells its products to global
 national
 regional
 and independent grocery
 drug and convenience store chains
 as well
 as to mass merchandisers
 club stores
 other retail channels and
 non-retail channels.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diamond
 reports its operating results on the basis of a fiscal year that
 starts August&amp;#xA0;1 and ends July&amp;#xA0;31. Diamond refers to the
 fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010
 2011
 2012 and 2013
 as
 &amp;#x201C;fiscal 2010
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;fiscal 2011
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;fiscal
 2012&amp;#x201D; and &amp;#x201C;fiscal 2013&amp;#x201D;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis
 of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;). Certain prior period amounts in Note 13 to
 the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. There
 was no impact to the totals for each prior period reclassification
 made.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of
 Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
 GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated
 financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results
 could differ materially from these estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On an ongoing
 basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related
 to revenue recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee
 benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
 believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for
 management&amp;#x2019;s judgments about the carrying values of assets
 and liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Certain
 Risks and Concentrations&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s revenues are principally derived from the sale of
 snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s operating results. Sales to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 18% and 15% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for
 approximately 9%
 12% and 11% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more
 than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 2012 or 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Foreign
 Currency Translation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 functional currency of the Company&amp;#x2019;s foreign operations is
 the applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
 currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts
 using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet
 date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange
 in effect during the applicable period. The translation adjustments
 are deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity
 in Accumulated other comprehensive income. Translation adjustments
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income were $4.6
 million and $10.3 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities
 (primarily money market funds) with maturities at date of purchase
 of three months or less. At July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 we had a total of
 $5.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $2.6
 million was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is
 our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future
 foreign earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient
 working capital and expand operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All
 inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or weighted average) or market. The Company has entered
 into walnut purchase agreements with growers
 under which they
 deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and
 pursuant to the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines
 the price for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the
 fiscal year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our
 discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market
 conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other
 relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will
 be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company
 estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial
 statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to
 changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change
 could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted
 for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost
 of goods sold if the inventory is sold through.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and
 amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the
 estimated useful lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for
 buildings and ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment
 and software.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Slotting and Other Contractual
 Arrangements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In certain
 situations
 the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to
 acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a
 reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments
 pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
 quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements.
 Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included
 in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If no
 arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to
 gross sales to arrive at net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and
 Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Management
 reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) 360
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant
 and&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Equipment&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are
 reviewed annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 350
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles &amp;#x2014; Goodwill and Other
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; or
 more often if there are indications of possible
 impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The analysis
 to determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires
 significant judgments that are dependent on internal forecasts
 including estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term
 growth rates for our business
 the expected life over which cash
 flows will be realized and assumed royalty and discount rates.
 Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect
 the determination of fair value and any impairment charge. While
 the fair value of these assets exceeds their carrying value based
 on management&amp;#x2019;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially
 different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to
 changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased
 competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of
 sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons
 could result in the recognition of impairment losses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For assets to
 be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and
 long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates a
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its
 carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized
 is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for
 impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair
 value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is
 based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash
 flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received
 under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 using inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
 brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that
 approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value
 exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is
 considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in an
 amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair
 value of the brand intangible asset. The Company performed the
 annual intangible asset impairment analysis as of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2013 and determined that there was a $36.0 million impairment
 charge related to the Kettle U.S. trade name.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as
 of June&amp;#xA0;30th of each year. As a result of the segment
 reporting changes for the period ended January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 goodwill impairment will now be tested at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating segments. In fiscal 2012
 the
 Company performed its goodwill impairment test at the single
 reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit will be
 calculated using a blend of the income and market approach.
 Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting
 unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written
 down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an
 income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include
 (i)&amp;#xA0;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&amp;#xA0;forecasted
 profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration
 of historical performance and management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of future
 performance
 and (iii)&amp;#xA0;discount rates that are used to
 calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
 derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital.
 Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and
 assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major
 assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples
 applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and
 income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
 management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of
 operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate
 future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate
 future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change
 in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply
 would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the
 reporting units.&amp;#xA0;Future business results could significantly
 impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material
 impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment
 existed
 and the size of any such impairment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 incurs various employment-related benefit costs with respect to
 qualified and nonqualified pension and deferred compensation plans.
 Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value
 certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the
 plans
 compensation increases
 employee turnover and mortality
 rates. Different assumptions could result in the recognition of
 differing amounts of expense over different periods of
 time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured.
 Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting
 payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount
 the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the
 level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent
 upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and
 sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs.
 Customers have the right to return certain products. Product
 returns are estimated based upon historical results and are
 reflected as a reduction in sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Promotion and Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Promotional
 allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are
 reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion
 and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
 arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of
 distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The
 Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to
 reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
 recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Advertising expenses were $41.5 million in fiscal 2013
 $37.9
 million in fiscal 2012 and $45.0 million in fiscal 2011.
 Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising
 expenses were $3.5 million
 $5.8 million
 and $6.2 million for
 fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amounts
 billed to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in
 net sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of sales
 as incurred.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Acquisition and Integration Related
 Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition
 and integration related expenses are costs incurred to effect a
 business combination and subsequently to integrate the acquired
 business into the Company.&amp;#xA0;These expenses are shown as a
 separate line within operating expenses and are expensed as
 incurred. These expenses may include transaction related bank
 legal
 human resource
 purchase price valuation and business
 strategy consulting fees
 as well as business and systems
 integration costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diamond
 accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxe&lt;/i&gt;s.&amp;#x201D; which requires that deferred tax
 assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of
 temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement
 and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at current tax
 rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be
 reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that
 some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
 realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on
 both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is reviewed
 periodically to determine if any additional valuation allowance is
 necessary when it is more likely than not that amounts will not be
 recovered.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;There are
 inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax
 regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
 Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are
 supportable
 but are potentially subject to successful challenge by
 the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and
 liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on
 uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax
 uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
 the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them
 accordingly.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diamond
 accounts for the warrant issued as part of the Oaktree transaction
 as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records
 derivative financial instruments at fair value in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the
 transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
 reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
 of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period
 earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term
 obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
 amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information
 available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and
 terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the Oaktree
 investment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
 option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC
 718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the
 fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation
 cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
 period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine
 the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
 requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock
 options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical
 information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
 actual results are not consistent with the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
 Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation
 expense
 which could be material to its results of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related
 Party Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In fiscal
 2013 and fiscal 2012
 three and two members
 respectively
 of the
 Diamond Board of Directors were growers or affiliates of growers
 from whom Diamond purchased walnuts from in the ordinary course of
 business.&amp;#xA0;In fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 costs
 associated with the acquisition of walnuts from these related
 parties were approximately $15.5 million for the 2012 crop
 $4.7
 million for the 2011 crop and $4.2 million for the 2010 crop
 respectively
 of which $4.4 million and $1.2 million were included
 in payables as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In
 May&amp;#xA0;2011
 the FASB&amp;#xA0;issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-04
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve
 Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S.
 GAAP and IFRSs.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; This guidance changes the wording used
 to describe many of the requirements in U.S. GAAP for measuring
 fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
 measurements. The guidance is effective for interim and annual
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2011. The Company has
 adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In
 June&amp;#xA0;2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-05
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Presentation of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; This guidance requires entities to
 present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net
 income and the components of other comprehensive income (OCI) in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change
 the components of OCI or when an item of OCI must be reclassified
 to net income
 or the earnings per share calculation. The guidance
 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those
 years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2011. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company has adopted this guidance and it did not
 have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In September
 2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-08
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing
 Goodwill for Impairment.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The new guidance provides the
 option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more
 likely than not scenario to determine whether the fair value of a
 reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 which may then
 allow a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill
 impairment test depending on the determination.&amp;#xA0;This guidance
 is effective for goodwill impairment tests performed in interim and
 annual periods for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2011.&amp;#xA0;Early adoption is permitted.&amp;#xA0;The Company has
 adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a
 quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
 analysis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2012-02
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Testing
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The
 new guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative
 assessment by applying a more likely than not scenario to determine
 whether the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. This
 guidance is effective for indefinite-lived intangible asset
 impairment tests performed in interim and annual periods for fiscal
 years beginning after September&amp;#xA0;15
 2012. The Company has
 adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a
 quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
 analysis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In January
 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-01
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Balance Sheet (Topic
 210): Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets
 and Liabilities.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;The new guidance clarifies the
 scope of the offsetting disclosures and addresses any unintended
 consequences as a result of ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-11
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Balance
 Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and
 Liabilities.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;This guidance is effective for
 fiscal years beginning on or after January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 and
 interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should
 provide the required disclosures retrospectively for all
 comparative periods presented. The Company will adopt this guidance
 during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the adoption will have
 a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In February
 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive
 Income&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;(Topic
 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;The new guidance requires an
 entity to report the effect of significant reclassifications out of
 accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items
 in net income if the amount being reclassified is required to be
 reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that
 are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 in the same reporting period
 an entity is required to
 cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide
 additional detail about those amounts. This guidance is effective
 for fiscal years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and
 interim periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt
 this guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the
 adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-011&lt;i&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of an
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a
 Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward
 Exists.&amp;#x201D;.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;This new guidance provides
 specific financial statement presentation requirements of an
 unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a
 similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance
 states that an unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances
 should be presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This
 guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption
 is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this
 guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance
 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assumptions
 used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below (for the year
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average expected life
 in
 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50-6.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;52.99%-55.48%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;49.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;0.83%-&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1.69%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term
 obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
 amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information
 available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and
 terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the Oaktree
 investment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The effects
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations&amp;#xA0;for fiscal 2013 and&amp;#xA0;2012 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 102pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash Flow&lt;br /&gt;
 Hedging Relationships&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;OCI&amp;#xA0;on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&amp;#xA0; (Effective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Reclassified from&lt;br /&gt;
 Accumulated&amp;#xA0;OCI&amp;#xA0;into&lt;br /&gt;
 Income (Effective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Reclassified&amp;#xA0;from&lt;br /&gt;
 Accumulated&amp;#xA0;OCI&amp;#xA0;into&lt;br /&gt;
 Income (Effective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in&lt;br /&gt;
 Income on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 (Ineffective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in&lt;br /&gt;
 Income on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 (Ineffective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(585&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(148&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=38%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=33%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 127pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivatives Not Designated as&lt;br /&gt;
 Hedging Instruments under ASC 815&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location
 of Loss Recognized&lt;br /&gt;
 in Income on Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount of Income
 (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in Income on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Selling
&amp;#xA0;general&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Loss on warrant
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11
570&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10
221&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Changes in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s nonvested options during fiscal 2013 are
 summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2)
 Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In July 2010
 the Company entered into three interest rate swap agreements in
 accordance with Company policy to mitigate the impact of London
 Interbank Offered Rate (&amp;#x201C;LIBOR&amp;#x201D;) based interest expense
 fluctuations on Company profitability. These swap agreements
 with
 a total hedged notional amount of $100 million
 were entered into
 to hedge future cash interest payments associated with a portion of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s variable rate bank debt. The Company has
 designated these swaps as cash flow hedges of future cash flows
 associated with its variable rate debt. All effective changes in
 the fair value of the designated swaps are recorded in other
 comprehensive income (loss) and are released to interest income or
 expense on a monthly basis as the hedged debt payments are accrued.
 Ineffective changes
 if any
 are recognized in interest income or
 expense immediately. For fiscal 2012
 the Company recognized other
 comprehensive income of $0.6 million based on the change in fair
 value of the swap agreements and no hedge ineffectiveness for these
 swap agreements was recognized in interest income or expense over
 the same period. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012
 all swaps had
 matured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In May 2012
 Diamond closed an agreement to recapitalize its balance sheet with
 an investment by Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P.
 (&amp;#x201C;Oaktree&amp;#x201D;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted
 of $225 million of newly-issued senior notes and a warrant to
 purchase approximately 4.4&amp;#xA0;million shares of Diamond common
 stock. Oaktree&amp;#x2019;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per share
 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. The warrant is accounted for as a derivative
 liability and is remeasured at fair value each reporting period
 with gains and losses recorded in net income.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement in
 accordance with Company policy to mitigate the impact of
 LIBOR-based interest expense fluctuations on Company profitability.
 This swap agreement had a total notional amount of $100 million and
 was entered into to mitigate the interest rate impact of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s variable rate bank debt. The Company accounts for
 the interest rate cap as a non-hedging derivative.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In February
 2013
 the Company purchased 164 corn call option commodity
 derivatives.&amp;#xA0;This purchase is in accordance with Company
 policy to mitigate the market price risk associated with the
 anticipated raw material purchase requirements of the Company. This
 agreement had a total notional amount of approximately $0.3 million
 and was entered into to mitigate the market price risk of future
 corn purchases expected to be made by the Company. The Company
 accounts for commodity derivatives as non-hedging
 derivatives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For the
 quarterly period ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company sold 42 corn
 call options commodity derivatives. The amount of loss recognized
 in income associated with this sale was $0.1 million. As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company has 122 corn call option commodity
 derivatives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 61pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability
 Derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;Sheet&amp;#xA0;Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Derivatives designated as
 hedging instruments under ASC 815:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Accounts&amp;#xA0;payable&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;accrued&amp;#xA0;liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Other liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Prepaid and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Other long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Warrant liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instrument under ASC 815&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(46
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total
 derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(46
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The effects
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for&amp;#xA0;fiscal 2013 and&amp;#xA0;2012 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=40%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 102pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivatives in ASC 815 Cash Flow&lt;br /&gt;
 Hedging Relationships&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;OCI&amp;#xA0;on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&amp;#xA0; (Effective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Reclassified from&lt;br /&gt;
 Accumulated&amp;#xA0;OCI&amp;#xA0;into&lt;br /&gt;
 Income (Effective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Reclassified&amp;#xA0;from&lt;br /&gt;
 Accumulated&amp;#xA0;OCI&amp;#xA0;into&lt;br /&gt;
 Income (Effective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location of Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in&lt;br /&gt;
 Income on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 (Ineffective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Loss&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in&lt;br /&gt;
 Income on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 (Ineffective&lt;br /&gt;
 Portion)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2012&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(585&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(148&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=38%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=33%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 127pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Derivatives Not Designated as&lt;br /&gt;
 Hedging Instruments under ASC 815&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Location
 of Loss Recognized&lt;br /&gt;
 in Income on Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Amount of Income
 (Loss)&lt;br /&gt;
 Recognized in Income on&lt;br /&gt;
 Derivative&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Selling
&amp;#xA0;general&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;administrative&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Loss on warrant
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11
570&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10
221&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;ASC 820
 requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be
 measured using the following three levels of inputs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;: Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets
 or liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 2&lt;/b&gt;: Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that
 are corroborated by market data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 3&lt;/b&gt;: Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market
 data&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets and
 Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring
 Basis&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s cash equivalents measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis were nil as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013. There were cash
 equivalents of $1.5 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012. These
 investments were classified as Level 1 based on quoted prices in
 active markets for identical assets
 to value the cash
 equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative assets (liabilities) measured at fair
 value on a recurring basis were $0 million and $0.5 million as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company has elected
 to use the income approach to value the derivative liabilities
 using observable Level 2 market expectations at the measurement
 date and standard valuation techniques to convert future amounts to
 a single present amount assuming that participants are motivated
 but not compelled to transact. Level 2 inputs for the valuations
 are limited to quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets (specifically futures contracts on LIBOR for the
 first two years) and inputs other than quoted prices that are
 observable for the asset or liability (specifically LIBOR cash and
 swap rates). Mid-market pricing is used as a practical expedient
 for fair value measurements. Under Accounting Standards
 Codification (&amp;#x201C;ASC&amp;#x201D;) 820
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value
 Measurements and Disclosures
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; the fair value measurement
 of an asset or liability must reflect the nonperformance risk of
 the entity and the counterparty. Therefore
 the impact of the
 counterparty&amp;#x2019;s creditworthiness when in an asset position and
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s creditworthiness when in a liability position
 has also been factored into the fair value measurement of the
 derivative instruments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s warrant liability measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis was $58.1 million and $46.8 million as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company has elected
 to use the income approach to value the warrant liability and uses
 the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This valuation is
 considered Level 3 due to the use of certain unobservable inputs.
 Inputs into the Black-Scholes model include: remaining term
 stock
 price
 strike price
 maturity date
 risk-free rate
 and expected
 volatility. The significant Level 3 unobservable inputs used in the
 valuation are shown below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45.60&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Probability of Special
 Redemption&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In applying
 the valuation model
 small increases or decreases in the expected
 volatility could result in a significantly higher or lower fair
 value measurement. Based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s operating results
 for the six months ended January&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Special
 Redemption did not occur. The Company recognized a loss for fiscal
 2013
 related to the warrant liability due to changes in the fair
 value of the warrant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a reconciliation of activity for fiscal 2013 liabilities
 measured at fair value based on Level&amp;#xA0;3 inputs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Warrant
 Liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Transfers out of Level
 3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Included in
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
326&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases
 issuances
 sales and settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Issuances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(36
461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Ending
 Balance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total amount of gains or
 losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held
 at the reporting date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets and
 Liabilities Disclosed at Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term
 obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
 amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information
 available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and
 terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the Oaktree
 debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table presents the carrying value and fair value of our outstanding
 Oaktree debt as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;150
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;103
295&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;103
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Redeemable
 Note&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;89
660&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of the notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow
 approach. The discounted cash flow approach uses a risk adjusted
 yield to present value the contractual cash flows of the notes. The
 fair value of the notes would be classified as Level 3 within the
 fair value measurement hierarchy. The Company applies a fair value
 method for accounting for the paid-in-kind interest on the Oaktree
 debt.&amp;#xA0;Under this method
 the Company adjusts the interest
 expense based on fair value of the Oaktree debt. Accordingly
 while
 interest expense recognition on Oaktree debt would be at the
 contractual rate
 the Company will account for the related interest
 expense based on the fair value of the Oaktree debt at every
 interest payment date and reporting period end.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(17)
 Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 August&amp;#xA0;21
 2013
 the Company reached a proposed agreement
 preliminary approval of which was granted on September&amp;#xA0;26
 2013
 to settle the private securities class action that is pending
 against the Company and two of its former officers. A final
 approval hearing is currently scheduled for January&amp;#xA0;9
 2014.
 Under the terms of the preliminarily approved settlement
 Diamond
 would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue
 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund to
 resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or
 otherwise acquired Diamond stock between October&amp;#xA0;5
 2010 and
 February&amp;#xA0;8
 2012. The shares will be included within the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s earnings per share calculation in the first fiscal
 quarter of 2014. A portion of the $11.0 million in cash would be
 funded by Diamond&amp;#x2019;s insurers. Pursuant to the preliminary
 approval motion
 the estimated value of the 4.45&amp;#xA0;million
 shares of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s common stock was valued at $85.1 million
 based on the closing market price of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s common stock
 on the day before the preliminary approval motion
 August&amp;#xA0;20
 2013. The value of the 4.45 million shares of common stock at July
 31
 2013 was $90.7 million. With respect to the 4.45&amp;#xA0;million
 shares
 Diamond would have the ability to privately place
 or
 conduct a public offering of
 the shares with the consent of the
 lead plaintiff and its counsel
 prior to distribution of the
 settlement fund. In that event
 the settlement fund would include
 the proceeds of the offering in lieu of the settlement shares.
 Until the settlement shares are distributed
 the liability
 associated with the agreement to issue the settlement shares will
 be adjusted from period to period based on changes in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price
 with the effect of the change included
 in the Company&amp;#x2019;s statement of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The aggregate
 settlement liability of $96.1 million was recognized by the Company
 in the fourth fiscal quarter and included a cash settlement of
 $11.0 million and a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the
 close of the stock market on August&amp;#xA0;20
 2013 as set forth in
 the settlement preliminary approval motion. The total amount of
 director and officer liability coverage available under
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s insurance policies is $30 million. As of July 31
 2013
 insurers had paid approximately $12.9 million in insurable
 expenses. As of July 31
 2013
 Diamond had recorded a $15.5 million
 receivable
 $12.1 million which will be used for the settlement and
 other legal expenses and $3.4 million for the shareholder
 derivative settlement. In addition
 Diamond expects to receive $1.6
 million related to the shareholder derivative settlement in the
 first quarter of fiscal 2014 which will be recorded as a gain. The
 provision for settlement costs will be adjusted to reflect changes
 in the fair value of the securities until they are issued following
 final court approval of the Amended Stipulation of Settlement. A
 portion of the cash piece of the settlement will be paid by
 insurance. The additional shares of common stock would be
 antidilutive to the earnings per share calculation as of
 August&amp;#xA0;20
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11)
 Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 components of income (loss) before income taxes
 by tax
 jurisdiction
 are as follows for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(152
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(65
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(23
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(19
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(176
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(84
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense consisted of the following for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
379&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
424&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total tax
 provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s effective income tax rate is as follows for the
 fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal tax at statutory
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(61
666&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(29
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State tax
 net of federal
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(530&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net tax benefit of
 earnings at lower rates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
489&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrual for uncertain tax
 positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
458&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
382&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
507&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Financing
 related&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic production
 activities deduction&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impact of tax law
 changes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impact of valuation
 allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Changes in
 estimates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income taxes
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
723&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Applicable
 U.S. income taxes have not been provided on approximately $61.1
 million of undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries
 at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 because these earnings are considered
 indefinitely reinvested. The net federal income tax liability that
 would arise if these earnings were not indefinitely reinvested is
 approximately $21.4 million. Applicable U.S. income taxes are
 provided on these earnings in the periods in which they are no
 longer considered indefinitely reinvested.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;With respect
 to the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock option plans
 realized tax benefits in
 excess of tax benefits recognized in net earnings are recorded as
 increases to additional paid-in capital. Excess tax benefits
 realized and recorded to additional paid-in capital were nil for
 fiscal 2013 and 2012 and $1.4 million for fiscal 2011. The Company
 had unrecorded excess stock option tax benefits of $1.5 million as
 of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 which will be credited to additional
 paid-in-capital when such amounts reduce cash taxes
 payable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The tax
 effect of temporary differences and net operating losses which give
 rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the
 following as of July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
583&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;113&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 Allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(8
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;32
460&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State tax
 credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Retirement
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other comprehensive
 income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net Operating
 Loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employee stock
 compensation benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
953&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;125
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 Allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(90
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(39
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred tax
 liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Litigation
 Settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;114
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Unremitted
 Earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 non-current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;141
683&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred taxes
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(109
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(122
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Composed of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net current deferred
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net non-current deferred
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(106
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(125
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred taxes
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(109
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(122
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowances have been provided to reduce deferred tax assets to
 amounts considered recoverable. The Company&amp;#x2019;s valuation
 allowance was $99.3 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and $44.6
 million as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012. In the three months ended
 April&amp;#xA0;30
 2012 as a result of cumulative losses
 the Company
 concluded that a valuation allowance was required on certain US and
 state deferred tax assets (principally NOL&amp;#x2019;s and California
 EZ credits) because it was management&amp;#x2019;s assessment that it
 was no longer more likely than not that those assets could be
 realized. The valuation allowances may be reversed in a future
 period when facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely
 than not that the particular deferred tax asset can be
 realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company had $185.0 million of cumulative
 federal tax loss carryforwards and $162.6 million of cumulative
 state tax loss carryforwards. The federal loss carry forward will
 expire in fiscal 2032 if not used prior to that time. The state tax
 loss carryforwards will expire beginning fiscal 2017 through fiscal
 2032. As a result of certain realization requirements of ASC 718
 the table of deferred tax asset and deferred tax liabilities shown
 above does not include certain deferred tax assets as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012 that arose directly from tax deductions
 related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized
 for financial reporting. Equity will be increased by $1.5 million
 if and when such deferred tax assets are ultimately realized. The
 Company uses tax ordering rules for purposes of determining when
 excess tax benefits have been realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The state tax
 credits of $14.0 million are California Enterprise Zone Credits
 which begin to expire in fiscal 2023
 and $0.2 million of
 California Research and Development Credits
 which have no
 expiration date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance
 beginning of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax position related to
 current year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;884&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Tax positions related to
 prior years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;518&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Reductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Statute of limitations
 closures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance
 end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
544&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Included in
 the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively
 are
 potential benefits of $0.7 million
 $0.6 million
 and $9.1 million
 respectively
 which if recognized
 would affect the effective tax
 rate on earnings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
 positions as a component of income tax expense. The Company accrued
 $0.1 million
 $0.2 million and $0.1 million
 net of federal
 benefit
 in interest and $0 million
 $0 million
 and $0.1 million
 in penalties associated with uncertain tax positions for each
 fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the twelve
 months following July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 audit resolutions
 lapse of
 statute of limitations
 and filing the amended returns could
 potentially reduce total unrecognized tax benefits by up to $1.4
 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 files income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various states
 local and foreign jurisdictions
 primarily in the United Kingdom.
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s U.S. federal and state income tax returns for
 fiscal 2006 through fiscal 2012 and the Company&amp;#x2019;s United
 Kingdom tax returns for fiscal 2011 and 2012 remain open to
 examination.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 components of income (loss) before income taxes
 by tax
 jurisdiction
 are as follows for the fiscal years ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(152
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(65
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(23
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(19
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(176
189&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(84
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basis
 of Presentation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;). Certain prior period amounts in Note 13 to
 the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. There
 was no impact to the totals for each prior period reclassification
 made.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3) Equity
 Offering and Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 uses a broad based equity incentive plan to help align employee and
 director incentives with stockholders&amp;#x2019; interests. The 2005
 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Plan&amp;#x201D;) was approved in
 March 2005 and provides for the awarding of options
 restricted
 stock
 stock bonuses
 restricted stock units
 and stock
 appreciation rights. The Compensation Committee of the Board of
 Directors administers the Plan. A total of 2
500
000 shares of
 common stock were initially reserved for issuance under the Plan
 and the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan is
 increased by an amount equal to 2% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total
 outstanding shares as of July&amp;#xA0;31 each year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In 2005
 the
 Company began granting shares of restricted stock and stock options
 under the Plan. The shares of restricted stock vest over three
 four or five-year periods. The stock options expire in ten years
 and vest over three
 four or five years. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 options to purchase 1
457
076 shares of common stock were
 outstanding
 of which 672
074 were exercisable. At July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company had 1
331
295 shares available for future grant
 under the Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;ASC 718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation
&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D;
 requires the recognition of compensation expense in an amount equal
 to the fair value of share-based awards. Beginning with the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s adoption of ASC 718 in August 2005
 the fair value
 of all stock options granted subsequent to August&amp;#xA0;1
 2005 is
 recognized as an expense in the Company&amp;#x2019;s statement of
 operations
 typically over the related vesting period of the
 options. The guidance requires use of fair value computed at the
 date of grant to measure share-based awards. The fair value of
 restricted stock awards is recognized as stock-based compensation
 expense over the vesting period
 generally three
 four or five
 years from date of grant or award. The Company recorded total
 stock-based compensation expense of $4.1 million
 $9.2 million
 and
 $7.7 million for fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock
 Option Awards:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;The fair value of each
 stock option grant was estimated on the date of grant using the
 Black-Scholes option valuation model. Expected stock price
 volatilities were estimated based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s implied
 historical volatility. The expected term of options granted is
 based on the simplified method due to the lack of historical
 Company information. Forfeiture rates were based on assumptions and
 historical data to the extent it is available. The risk-free rates
 were based on U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of the
 grant. For purposes of this valuation model
 dividends are based on
 the historical rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assumptions
 used in the Black-Scholes model are presented below (for the year
 ended July&amp;#xA0;31):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Average expected life
 in
 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50-6.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected
 volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;52.99%-55.48%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;49.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41.63&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Risk-free interest
 rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;0.83%-&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;1.69%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividend rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes option activity during&amp;#xA0;fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In
 years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
452&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;34
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;78
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68.73&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26.06&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
235&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63
756&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24.36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Exercisable at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30.43&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The weighted
 average fair value of options granted during fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011 was $7.81
 $28.50 and $18.95
 respectively. The total
 intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011 was $0.3 million
 $0.1 million and $3.0 million
 respectively.
 The total fair value of options vested during fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011 was $5.4 million
 $4.8 million and $2.1 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Changes in
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s nonvested options during fiscal 2013 are
 summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonvested at July 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $7.1 million of total unrecognized
 compensation cost net of forfeitures related to nonvested stock
 options
 which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
 period of 2.9&amp;#xA0;years. Cash received from option exercises was
 $2.0 million
 $0 million and $1.8 million for fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock Awards:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Restricted stock
 activity during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 is summarized as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;47.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;32.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The total
 intrinsic value of restricted stock vested in fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011 was $3.0 million
 $7.6 million and $5.5 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $6.6 million of unrecognized
 compensation cost net of forfeitures related to nonvested
 restricted stock awards
 which is expected to be recognized over a
 weighted average period of 2.9 years. As of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 there was $2.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost net of
 forfeitures related to nonvested restricted stock units
 which is
 expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.4
 years. Cash used to settle stock awards were $0 million for fiscal
 2013
 2012
 and 2011.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Restricted Stock Awards:&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;Restricted stock
 activity during fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 is summarized as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-TOP: 0px; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted
 Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock
 Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&amp;#xA0;Grant&lt;br /&gt;
 Date&amp;#xA0;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;br /&gt;
 Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;(In&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;26.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;47.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24.51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;393&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;32.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28.54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14.81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;233&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(179&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74.62&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(150&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38.83&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Outstanding at
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;218&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Securities litigation
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;96
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued salaries and
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 promotion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;220
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;130
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In
 May&amp;#xA0;2011
 the FASB&amp;#xA0;issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-04
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Amendments to Achieve
 Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S.
 GAAP and IFRSs.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; This guidance changes the wording used
 to describe many of the requirements in U.S. GAAP for measuring
 fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
 measurements. The guidance is effective for interim and annual
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2011. The Company has
 adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In
 June&amp;#xA0;2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-05
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income (Topic 220): Presentation of
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D; This guidance requires entities to
 present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net
 income and the components of other comprehensive income (OCI) in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change
 the components of OCI or when an item of OCI must be reclassified
 to net income
 or the earnings per share calculation. The guidance
 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those
 years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2011. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company has adopted this guidance and it did not
 have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In September
 2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-08
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Intangibles-Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing
 Goodwill for Impairment.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The new guidance provides the
 option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more
 likely than not scenario to determine whether the fair value of a
 reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 which may then
 allow a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill
 impairment test depending on the determination.&amp;#xA0;This guidance
 is effective for goodwill impairment tests performed in interim and
 annual periods for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2011.&amp;#xA0;Early adoption is permitted.&amp;#xA0;The Company has
 adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a
 quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
 analysis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In July 2012
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2012-02
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Testing
 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#x201D; The
 new guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative
 assessment by applying a more likely than not scenario to determine
 whether the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. This
 guidance is effective for indefinite-lived intangible asset
 impairment tests performed in interim and annual periods for fiscal
 years beginning after September&amp;#xA0;15
 2012. The Company has
 adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a
 quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
 analysis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In January
 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-01
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Balance Sheet (Topic
 210): Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets
 and Liabilities.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;The new guidance clarifies the
 scope of the offsetting disclosures and addresses any unintended
 consequences as a result of ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2011-11
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Balance
 Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and
 Liabilities.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;This guidance is effective for
 fiscal years beginning on or after January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013
 and
 interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should
 provide the required disclosures retrospectively for all
 comparative periods presented. The Company will adopt this guidance
 during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the adoption will have
 a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In February
 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-02
 &amp;#x201C;Comprehensive
 Income&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;(Topic
 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive Income.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;The new guidance requires an
 entity to report the effect of significant reclassifications out of
 accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items
 in net income if the amount being reclassified is required to be
 reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that
 are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 in the same reporting period
 an entity is required to
 cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide
 additional detail about those amounts. This guidance is effective
 for fiscal years beginning on or after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 and
 interim periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt
 this guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the
 adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In July 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2013-011&lt;i&gt;
 &amp;#x201C;Presentation of an
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a
 Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward
 Exists.&amp;#x201D;.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;This new guidance provides
 specific financial statement presentation requirements of an
 unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a
 similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance
 states that an unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances
 should be presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This
 guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 those years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption
 is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this
 guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance
 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(5)
 Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Proposed
 Pringles Merger Terminated&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 April&amp;#xA0;5
 2011
 Diamond entered into a definitive agreement
 with The Procter&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Gamble Company (&amp;#x201C;P&amp;amp;G&amp;#x201D;)
 to merge P&amp;amp;G&amp;#x2019;s Pringles business into the Company. On
 February&amp;#xA0;15
 2012
 Diamond and P&amp;amp;G mutually agreed to
 terminate the Company&amp;#x2019;s proposed merger of the Pringles
 business. No &amp;#x201C;break-up&amp;#x201D; fee or other fees were paid to
 P&amp;amp;G in connection with the termination
 which included a mutual
 release.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6)
 Intangible Assets and Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The changes
 in the carrying amount of goodwill were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Snacks&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nuts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;409
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;409
735&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 August&amp;#xA0;1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill acquired during
 the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Translation
 adjustments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated impairment
 losses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;328
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;72
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;401
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other
 intangible assets consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Brand intangibles (not
 subject to amortization):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;297
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;298
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;157
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;159
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;455
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;458
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization on intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(29
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less asset
 impairments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Brand
 intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;388
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;437
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Identifiable
 intangible asset amortization expense in each of the five
 succeeding years will amount to approximately $7.7 million. For
 fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 the amortization period for
 identifiable intangible assets was approximately 20 years with
 amortization expense of approximately $8.0 million
 $8.0 million
 and $8.1 million recognized
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 also performed its 2013 annual impairment test of goodwill and
 non-amortizing intangible assets required by ASC 350 as of
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2013. There was no goodwill impaired during fiscal
 2013
 2012 and 2011. There were no non-amortizing assets impaired
 during fiscal 2012 and 2011. In fiscal 2013
 the Company determined
 that the Kettle U.S. trade name within the Snacks segment was
 impaired based on a decrease in forecasted future revenues. The
 Company recorded a $36.0 million impairment charge within the asset
 impairment line on the consolidated statement of operations. The
 inputs used to measure the fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name
 were largely unobservable
 and accordingly
 this measure was
 classified as Level 3. The fair value of the Kettle U.S. trade name
 was estimated based on the relief from royalty method
 which models
 the cash flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were
 received under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow
 analysis
 uses inputs such as forecasted future revenues
 attributable to the brand
 assumed royalty rates and a
 risk-adjusted discount rate that approximates the estimated cost of
 capital. The unobservable inputs used in this valuation included
 projected revenue growth rates
 royalty rates
 and the discount
 rate. The Company used a discount rate of 11%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In fiscal
 2013
 the Company also recorded an intangible asset impairment
 charge of $1.6 million
 within asset impairments
 associated with
 customer contacts and related relationships. This impairment charge
 represents a write down of the total net book value of the
 intangible asset as of April&amp;#xA0;30
 2013
 and is included within
 the Nuts reportable segment. This impairment charge was recognized
 as a result of management&amp;#x2019;s decision to cease production and
 shipment of products with the brand associated with these customer
 contracts and related relationships.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
 option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC
 718
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014; Stock Compensation&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the
 fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation
 cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
 period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine
 the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
 requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock
 options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical
 information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
 actual results are not consistent with the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
 Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation
 expense
 which could be material to its results of
 operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(13)
 Segment Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s chief operating decision maker (&amp;#x201C;CODM&amp;#x201D;)
 changed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 and in the second
 quarter of fiscal 2013 there was a change in the information used
 by the CODM to make decisions about the allocation of resources and
 the assessment of performance. As a result
 during the second
 quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company changed its operating and
 reportable segments. The Company previously had one operating
 segment and one reportable segment; it now aggregates its five
 operating segments into two reportable segments based on
 similarities between: economic characteristics
 nature of the
 products
 production process
 type of customer
 methods of
 distribution
 and regulatory environment. The Company&amp;#x2019;s two
 reportable segments are Snacks and Nuts. The Snacks reportable
 segment predominately includes products sold under Kettle U.S.
 Kettle U.K. and Pop Secret. The Nuts reportable segment
 predominantly includes products sold under Emerald and Diamond of
 California.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 evaluates the performance of its segments based on net sales and
 gross profit. Gross profit is calculated as net sales less all cost
 of sales. The Company&amp;#x2019;s CODM does not receive or utilize
 asset information to evaluate performance of operating segments
 so
 asset-related information has not been presented. The accounting
 policies of the Company&amp;#x2019;s segments are the same as those
 described in the summary of critical accounting policies set forth
 in &amp;#x201C;Management&amp;#x2019;s Discussion and Analysis of Results of
 Operations.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales and gross profit by segment for
 the&amp;#xA0;fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net
 sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;426
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;556
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;562
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;966
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gross
 profit&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;152
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;128
122&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;131
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
390&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;205
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;179
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;216
479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales by
 channel/product were as follows for fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Retail Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;365
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;473
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;413
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;803
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;898
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;816
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-Retail International
 Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;37
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;119
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North American Ingredient
 Nuts/Food Service Nuts Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 Non-Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;82
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;149
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Net
 Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;966
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 geographic distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s net sales for the
 fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;659
110&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;754
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;676
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Europe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;134
557&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;141
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;161
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;70
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;128
494&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;966
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 geographic distributions of the Company&amp;#x2019;s long-lived assets
 as of July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;103
364&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;116
273&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;United Kingdom&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;132
225&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;146
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(12)
 Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In November
 2011 and December 2011
 various putative shareholder class action
 and derivative complaints were filed in federal and state court
 against Diamond and certain current and former Diamond directors
 and officers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); MARGIN-LEFT: 58px; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;In re
 Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Securities Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Beginning on
 November&amp;#xA0;7
 2011
 the first of a number of putative securities
 class action suits was filed in the United States District Court
 for the Northern District of California against Diamond and certain
 of its former executive officers (&amp;#x201C;defendants&amp;#x201D;). These
 suits allege that defendants made materially false and misleading
 statements
 or failed to disclose material facts
 regarding
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s financial results
 operations and prospects
 including its accounting for payments to walnut growers and the
 anticipated closing of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s proposed merger of the
 Pringles business from P&amp;amp;G. On January&amp;#xA0;24
 2012
 these
 class actions were consolidated by the court as&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;In re Diamond Foods Inc.
 Securities Litigation&lt;/i&gt;. On March&amp;#xA0;20
 2012
 the court
 appointed a lead plaintiff
 and on June&amp;#xA0;13
 2012
 the court
 appointed lead counsel for the plaintiff. On July&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 an
 amended complaint was filed in the consolidated action naming
 Diamond
 certain of its former executive officers and its former
 independent auditor as defendants. The amended complaint purports
 to allege claims covering the period from October&amp;#xA0;5
 2010
 through February&amp;#xA0;8
 2012
 and seeks compensatory damages
 interest thereon
 costs and expenses incurred in the action and
 other relief. On September&amp;#xA0;28
 2012
 Diamond moved to dismiss
 the action. On November&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 the court denied
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s motion allowing the matter to proceed with respect
 to Diamond and the former executive officers
 and dismissed claims
 against Diamond&amp;#x2019;s former independent auditor with leave to
 amend. On December&amp;#xA0;21
 2012
 Diamond and the former executive
 officers filed answers to the amended complaint. On May&amp;#xA0;6
 2013
 the court certified a class in the consolidated action.
 Thereafter
 the parties reached a proposed agreement subject to
 final court approval
 to settle the action. On August&amp;#xA0;21
 2013
 a motion for preliminary approval of the settlement was filed
 which was granted on September&amp;#xA0;26
 2013. A final approval
 hearing is currently scheduled for January&amp;#xA0;9
 2014. Pursuant
 to the terms of the preliminarily approved settlement
 Diamond
 would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue
 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund to
 resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or
 otherwise acquired Diamond stock between October&amp;#xA0;5
 2010 and
 February&amp;#xA0;8
 2012
 inclusive. A portion of the $11.0 million in
 cash would be funded by Diamond&amp;#x2019;s insurers. The total amount
 of director and officer liability coverage available under
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s insurance policies is $30 million. As of July 31
 2013
 insurers had paid approximately $12.9 million in insurable
 expenses. As of July 31
 2013
 Diamond had recorded a $15.5 million
 receivable
 $12.1 million which will be used for the settlement and
 other legal expenses and $3.4 million for the shareholder
 derivative settlement. In addition
 Diamond expects to receive $1.6
 million related to the shareholder derivative settlement in the
 first quarter of fiscal 2014 which will be recorded as a gain.
 Pursuant to the preliminary approval motion
 the estimated value of
 the 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s common stock was
 valued at $85.1 million based on the closing market price of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s common stock on the day before the preliminary
 approval motion was filed
 August&amp;#xA0;20
 2013. The value of the
 4.45 million shares of common stock at July 31
 2013 was $90.7
 million. With respect to the 4.45&amp;#xA0;million shares
 Diamond
 would have the ability to privately place
 or conduct a public
 offering of
 the shares with the consent of the lead plaintiff and
 its counsel
 prior to distribution of the settlement fund. In that
 event
 the settlement fund would include the proceeds of the
 offering in lieu of the settlement shares. Refer to Note 17 to the
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); MARGIN-LEFT: 58px; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;In re
 Diamond Foods Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative
 Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Beginning on
 November&amp;#xA0;14
 2011
 three putative shareholder derivative
 lawsuits were filed in the Superior Court for the State of
 California
 San Francisco County
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond
 Foods and naming certain executive officers and the members of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s board of directors as individual defendants. On
 January&amp;#xA0;17
 2012
 the court consolidated these actions
 as&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;In re Diamond
 Foods
 Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;and appointed co-lead counsel.
 On February&amp;#xA0;16
 2012 plaintiffs filed their consolidated
 complaint
 naming certain current and former executive officers and
 members of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s board
 and Diamond&amp;#x2019;s former
 independent auditor
 as individual defendants. The consolidated
 complaint arises from the same or similar alleged facts as alleged
 in the federal securities action and the federal derivative
 litigation (discussed in the next paragraph below)
 and purported
 to set forth claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust
 enrichment
 abuse of control and gross mismanagement
 and against
 the former independent auditor for professional negligence and
 breach of contract. The suit seeks the recovery of unspecified
 damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 which is named as a nominal
 defendant
 corporate reforms
 disgorgement
 restitution
 the
 recovery of plaintiff&amp;#x2019;s attorney&amp;#x2019;s fees and other
 relief. On August&amp;#xA0;20
 2012
 Diamond filed a demurrer seeking
 to dismiss the action. On October&amp;#xA0;23
 2012
 the court
 sustained Diamond&amp;#x2019;s demurrer with leave to amend the
 complaint excluding the gross mismanagement claim
 which the court
 sustained with prejudice. Following mediation efforts
 an agreement
 in principle to settle all derivative claims on behalf of Diamond
 was reached by plaintiffs and the current and former executive
 officers and members of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s board. The agreement also
 sought to resolve certain litigation demands by various
 shareholders of Diamond Foods
 as well as the&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Astor BK Realty Trust
 v.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;i&gt;Diamond
 Foods
 Inc.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;action pending in the Court of
 Chancery for the State of Delaware pursuant to 8 Del. C. &amp;#xA7;220.
 On May&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 plaintiffs filed a motion for preliminary
 approval of the settlement. On June&amp;#xA0;14
 2013
 the court
 preliminarily approved the settlement. On August&amp;#xA0;19
 2013
 the
 court entered an order granting final approval of the settlement
 and judgment was entered the same day. As part of the settlement
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s insurers were required to pay Diamond $5.0 million
 of which $3.4 million was reimbursement of fees to be paid by
 Diamond to plaintiffs&amp;#x2019; attorneys. These fees were recorded as
 a liability as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 with a corresponding
 receivable from the insurers. $1.6 million of the $5.0 million
 settlement will be recorded as a gain in the first quarter of
 fiscal 2014. On September&amp;#xA0;23
 2013 a Notice of Appeal was
 filed by one of the plaintiffs in the dismissed federal derivative
 case
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;In re
 Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Derivative Litigation.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); MARGIN-LEFT: 58px; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;In re
 Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Derivative Litigation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Beginning on
 November&amp;#xA0;28
 2011
 two putative shareholder derivative
 lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the
 Northern District of California
 purportedly on behalf of Diamond
 Foods and naming certain current and former executive officers and
 members of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s board of directors as individual
 defendants. On February&amp;#xA0;16
 2012
 the court consolidated these
 actions as&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;In re
 Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Derivative Litigation&lt;/i&gt;. Plaintiffs filed
 their consolidated complaint on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2012
 again naming
 certain current and former executive officers and members of
 Diamond&amp;#x2019;s board of directors as individual defendants
 and
 also adding Diamond&amp;#x2019;s former independent auditor as a
 defendant. The suit was based on essentially the same allegations
 as those in the federal securities action and the state derivative
 litigation
 and purported to set forth claims under Section&amp;#xA0;14
 (a)&amp;#xA0;of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 alleging that
 defendants made materially false or misleading statements or
 omissions in proxy statements issued on or about November&amp;#xA0;26
 2010 and on or about September&amp;#xA0;26
 2011
 and for breach of
 fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 contribution and
 indemnification
 gross mismanagement and
 against Diamond&amp;#x2019;s
 former independent auditor
 for professional negligence
 accounting
 malpractice and aiding and abetting the breach of fiduciary duties
 of the other individual defendants. The suit sought to recover
 unspecified damages allegedly sustained by Diamond
 which was named
 as a nominal defendant
 corporate reforms
 restitution
 equitable
 and/or injunctive relief
 to recover plaintiff&amp;#x2019;s
 attorney&amp;#x2019;s fees and other relief. On April&amp;#xA0;16
 2012
 Diamond moved to dismiss the action. On May&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 the
 court granted Diamond&amp;#x2019;s motion and dismissed the action with
 prejudice
 based on lack of subject matter jurisdiction related to
 deficiencies in plaintiffs&amp;#x2019; Section&amp;#xA0;14(a) claims. The
 court entered judgment in favor of Diamond the same day. On
 June&amp;#xA0;4
 2012
 one of the plaintiffs in the consolidated matter
 filed a Notice of Appeal with the United States Court of Appeals
 for the Ninth Circuit
 seeking to appeal the May&amp;#xA0;29
 2012
 order granting Diamond&amp;#x2019;s motion to dismiss. On
 October&amp;#xA0;12
 2012
 the appellant filed its opening brief.
 Diamond filed his answering brief on November&amp;#xA0;27
 2012 and
 appellant filed his reply brief on December&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); MARGIN-LEFT: 58px; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Astor BK
 Realty Trust v. Diamond Foods
 Inc.&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 February&amp;#xA0;22
 2012&lt;i&gt;
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;an action was filed in
 Delaware Chancery Court by a shareholder seeking to enforce a
 demand to inspect certain of Diamond&amp;#x2019;s records pursuant to
 Section&amp;#xA0;220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law
 as a
 possible prelude to the shareholder bringing a derivative action.
 On August&amp;#xA0;26
 2013
 in connection with the settlement of the
 shareholder derivative claims in&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;In re Diamond Foods Inc.
 Shareholder Derivative Litigation
&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;the action was dismissed
 with prejudice.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); MARGIN-LEFT: 58px; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Governmental Proceedings&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 December&amp;#xA0;14
 2011
 Diamond received a formal order of
 investigation from the staff of the United States Securities and
 Exchange Commission (&amp;#x201C;SEC&amp;#x201D;). Diamond also has had
 contact with the U.S. Attorney&amp;#x2019;s office for the Northern
 District of California (&amp;#x201C;DOJ&amp;#x201D;). We have cooperated with
 the government and expect to continue to do so.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); MARGIN-LEFT: 58px; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is involved in other various legal actions in the ordinary course
 of our business. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties
 that make their outcomes
 and any potential liability we may incur
 unpredictable.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;We do not
 believe it is feasible to predict or determine the outcome or
 resolution of the above litigation proceedings
 or to estimate the
 amounts of
 or potential range of
 loss with respect to those
 proceedings. In addition
 the timing of the final resolution of
 these proceedings is uncertain. The range of possible resolutions
 of these proceedings could include judgments against the Company or
 settlements that could require substantial payments by the Company
 which could have a material impact on Diamond&amp;#x2019;s financial
 position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company had $4.8 million of letters of
 credit outstanding related to normal business transactions and
 commitments of $1.2 million to purchase new equipment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating
 lease expense for the fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011 were $5.3 million
 $5.5 million and $4.7 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 operating leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
910&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
511&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
059&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 capital leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total minimum
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less amount representing
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Present value of capital
 lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 future minimum payments under non-cancelable
 capital leases (primarily for real property) were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
503&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
465&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total minimum
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less amount representing
 interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Present value of capital
 lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Assets
 (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at
 July&amp;#xA0;31 consisted of:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
890&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
416&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative instruments as of
 July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 and July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=57%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 61pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liability
 Derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;Sheet&amp;#xA0;Location&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Derivatives designated as
 hedging instruments under ASC 815:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Accounts&amp;#xA0;payable&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;accrued&amp;#xA0;liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Other liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Commodity
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Prepaid and other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Interest rate
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Other long-term assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Foreign currency
 contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;Warrant liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(58
147&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(46
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instrument under ASC 815&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(46
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total
 derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(58
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;(46
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Employee Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 incurs various employment-related benefit costs with respect to
 qualified and nonqualified pension and deferred compensation plans.
 Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value
 certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the
 plans
 compensation increases
 employee turnover and mortality
 rates. Different assumptions could result in the recognition of
 differing amounts of expense over different periods of
 time.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;br /&gt;
 charged&amp;#xA0;to&lt;br /&gt;
 Costs&amp;#xA0;and&lt;br /&gt;
 Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;br /&gt;
 from&lt;br /&gt;
 Reserves&amp;#xA0;(1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;End of&lt;br /&gt;
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(19&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Tax Asset
 Valuation Allowance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Year ended July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
632&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
306&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deductions from reserves
 include asset write-offs and/or recoveries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Slotting and Other Contractual
 Arrangements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In certain
 situations
 the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to
 acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a
 reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments
 pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
 quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements.
 Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included
 in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If no
 arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to
 gross sales to arrive at net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;(8)
 Balance Sheet Items&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories
 consisted of the following at July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Raw materials and
 supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;29
825&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;63
684&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Work in
 process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
058&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68
529&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;115
456&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;165
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts
 payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Securities litigation
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;96
129&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued salaries and
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
087&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
872&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 promotion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;220
542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;130
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other
 intangible assets consisted of the following at
 July&amp;#xA0;31:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Brand intangibles (not
 subject to amortization):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;297
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;298
952&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible assets subject
 to amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;157
838&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;159
882&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 gross&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;455
415&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;458
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less accumulated
 amortization on intangible assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(29
771&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(21
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less asset
 impairments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Brand
 intangibles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(36
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer contracts and
 related relationships&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other intangible
 assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;388
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;437
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Promotion and Advertising Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Promotional
 allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are
 reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion
 and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
 arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of
 distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The
 Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to
 reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
 recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50
 &amp;#x201C;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition &amp;#x2014; Customer Payments and Incentives&lt;/i&gt;.&amp;#x201D;
 Advertising expenses were $41.5 million in fiscal 2013
 $37.9
 million in fiscal 2012 and $45.0 million in fiscal 2011.
 Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising
 expenses were $3.5 million
 $5.8 million
 and $6.2 million for
 fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of pension plan assets by asset category are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value
 Measurements at July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
185&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
506&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value
 Measurements at July 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Category:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 equity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Domestic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
602&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;International&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Mutual funds &amp;#x2014;
 debt:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Government&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
078&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Corporate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
039&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;657&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Related
 Party Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In fiscal
 2013 and fiscal 2012
 three and two members
 respectively
 of the
 Diamond Board of Directors were growers or affiliates of growers
 from whom Diamond purchased walnuts from in the ordinary course of
 business.&amp;#xA0;In fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 costs
 associated with the acquisition of walnuts from these related
 parties were approximately $15.5 million for the 2012 crop
 $4.7
 million for the 2011 crop and $4.2 million for the 2010 crop
 respectively
 of which $4.4 million and $1.2 million were included
 in payables as of July&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales by
 channel/product were as follows for fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 July&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;437
955&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;425
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;403
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Retail Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;365
178&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;473
402&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;413
136&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;803
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;898
577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;816
837&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-Retail International
 Nuts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;37
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;119
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;North American Ingredient
 Nuts/Food Service Nuts Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
886&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
834&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 Non-Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;60
879&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;82
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;149
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Net
 Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;864
012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;981
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;966
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  

  
  

 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit
 obligations at July&amp;#xA0;31 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic
 benefit cost for the fiscal years ended July&amp;#xA0;31 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px border=0 cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other
 Benefits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected long-term return
 on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=TEXT-INDENT: -1em; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rate of compensation
 increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      



    


    




        


        




    




        


        




    


    






































    
    

 $11.3 million
 $12.1 million and $17.2 million for the quarters ended July 31
 2012
 April 30
 2012
 January 31
 2012 and October 31
 2011


 2013
 the prior period cost of sales adjustment for changes in walnut prices was $0.4 million. This was the result of a reduction in walnut prices in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 due to a credit from the Walnut Marketing Board. There were no such changes in estimates in the quarters ended January 31
 2013 and April 30


 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of $96.1 million. Refer to Note 17 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally

    
    
    
























































  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2013-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2013-01-31
  xmlns:dmnd=http://www.diamondfoods.com/20130731
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2012-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2013-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2013-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.diamondfoods.com/20130731




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
















































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink








    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    



 rebates
 price protection programs

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    






    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    



 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities. Such integration-costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 2012

    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    

 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 100
000
000 shares; 22
766
759 and 22
432
517 shares issued and 22
376
406 and 22
114
241 shares outstanding at July 31
 2013 and 2012



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 2013

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    



 Tax Credit Carryforwards

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Inputs



    

 Inputs



    
    


    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis



    

 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Balance Sheet Location



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    








    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 cash equivalents and revolving credit availability



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    

 $0.001 par value; Authorized: 5
000



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    




    

 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment



    
    
    


    
    


    




    




    

 Plant and Equipment



    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Basic and Diluted

    

 Basic and Diluted




 Basic and Diluted

    

 Basic and Diluted



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    






    




    






    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    




    






    
    


    






    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    






    




    




    
    


    




    




    




    


    


    




    






    




    










    
    


    






    
    


    




    
    


    




    





 Options

    
    



 Options

    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 at cost: 390
353 and 318
276 shares at July 31



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    

 potential benefits
 that if recognized



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          



















        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

801

905

844

462

989

685

351

393

012

418

688



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

955

175

701



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

133

577

837



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

955

175

701



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

178

402

136



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

879

841

851



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

993

208

017



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

886

633

834




        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

225

944



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

364

273



          

        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

861

671




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

801
        

905
        

844
        

462
        

989
        

685
        

351
        

393
        

012
        

418
        

688
        


        

058
        

350
        

569
        

546
        

264
        

228
        

922
        

307
        

523
        

721
        

479
        


        

880
        

230
        

935
        

742
        

144
        

796
        

033
        

385
        

787
        

358
        

891
        


        

062)
        

582)
        

141
        

729)
        

936)
        

017)
        

184)
        

801
        

232)
        

336)
        

567
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

905
        

819
        

781
        

753
        

733
        

752
        

724
        

668
        

813
        

692
        

577
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

905
        

819
        

215
        

753
        

733
        

752
        

724
        

567
        

813
        

692
        

233
        

      
        

      



              

 2013
 the prior period cost of sales adjustment for changes in walnut prices was $0.4 million. This was the result of a reduction in walnut prices in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013 due to a credit from the Walnut Marketing Board. There were no such changes in estimates in the quarters ended January 31
 2013 and April 30



              

 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of $96.1 million. Refer to Note 17 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally



              

 $11.3 million
 $12.1 million and $17.2 million for the quarters ended July 31
 2012
 April 30
 2012
 January 31
 2012 and October 31
 2011



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

(9)
 Property
 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment consisted of the following at
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Land and
 improvements

 
 
9
823
 
 
 
9
638
 

 

Buildings and
 improvements

 
 
56
745
 
 
 
51
556
 



Machinery
 equipment and
 software

 
 
214
294
 
 
 
169
211
 

 

Construction in
 progress

 
 
2
024
 
 
 
26
236
 



 

 
 
14
420
 
 
 
11
790
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
297
306
 
 
 
268
431
 



Less accumulated
 depreciation

 
 
(163
145
 
 
 
(119
830
 

 

Less accumulated
 amortization

 
 
(1
936
 
 
 
(1
657
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net

 
 
132
225
 
 
 
146
944
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 2013
 2012 and 2011
 depreciation expense was $25.6 million
 $20.3
 million and $20.0 million
 respectively.


 fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset impairment charges of $10.1
 million associated with equipment that either is not currently
 being utilized or will not be utilized for its remaining useful
 life.&#xA0;The fair value of the equipment was determined utilizing
 third party quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis.


 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of
 leasehold and building improvement assets at the Fishers facility.
 Refer to Note 10 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further discussion on the Fishers facility
 closure.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options to purchase shares of common stock
 outstanding
        
        
        

457
076

079
535

771
253

452
000


        

024

184

500
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#5[D@VI@(``
TV```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
V]&.FD`4!N#[)GT'PFTC
M(P






I19.4HLG(463F*K!Q%5HXB:X(B:X(B
M:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:X(B:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB:XHB
M:XHB:XHB:XHB:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8B:X8BJT15:#(
M*E!D%2BRA19!8JL`D56@2*K0)%5H
B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:H\B:
MH\B:H\B:H\@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BRI19)4HLA8HLA8HLA8H
MLA8HLA;_2U;GRSK$IM=__W5,8RZT1:S;MV1O_`_OP]!+FVMEJ/KNC*\UW3S`
MG[,OYA56][7OM]SXX=PG'MNOR\=/1@]6%^_

DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W





M__




6SN&
@=Q^:.@]QQ;.XXR!U#IJ!!$`RY':0F5EA!.;


0



M$HX=$@Z&A&.'A(
AX=E&]]#HGIU9'F968'
G0.ZPU4`Q[#B':2[8)A?0Y()M




EG)*$W427NOLO;G

MJVRKE(VC3J_;'75BJ9-VJ?#1_(I&NE[K4%VD81ZKQ)8B1D72POQLJW=9^_33



@M6R\_=+)*G]U_A6OW
B7A(G$F(YF$2BS<
MHQF1F
+
2J/W&QIB+HE

J`J`P:;?%5SM.8

1B;Z9Y$W
M!3-G

UO8
MX<*S<WGG[8;F2L#PO-+8N,G$E0QUY()['J597@L(!3Q@;%ZC_\1*/,@7C\2@
M2U$,&(O(Z%C;LDPX+Z*864!;J9K.A1*5.5:$5RHC1

M\
R@'&

WT1CVI2/3%


7F);YCXA$[$623#QT6X


M$'K/(IKR0P;TK;)N



M*!SO#8HJ3G3TK%QV
:(38


MOM)2?^V91%-CS(A^$T*JK;4M!XX]KQUCRC


@U;[R;4*JQJ.F\
MWD+1V=`E#&;0GY#S=D9#-F%0S^*RP).G

9LPJ!FYQ6O&!&A

M'
X5Y9TR2`Z`-$)O,E^RJ^S*S&R1L[;5(DX*Y:@LM9X0M6C*H&X^^=)T
MG=+ZBD5M:\U`+GRT912C45-B%VOO5NHO=/&M*Z4_P*7@*%
@KQ=LK]*5[O





!=']GJW(S^AZ^



F!@:/#YP0%#PX3/

*4

MH

-
9D20H0T4QIP59?9#8\/R9QSRE#VHP8UB6M-Q8!
M:57]GW6@W*XWDRTDG*2:(C6NF(^)ULTU;];4FV&-!8I-3@K0)*]\3I
87
M%@$IC;%2=72^?Z8H$E%


MP;!/R(BLE\1@M$01^G2^J0'8$K5;$Q4/PH)+;^Y0I&
I;`N6J'J#Z1)U)X$D
MDB0E3&.

M`HDF0R7
;D_\



`6-@6+5HW'=-&Z

UT


MPG
6T0



M='



MK

P89VT





MNWS-[IB'-Y3*7%@)
&65%#'5HD0


G]E;W$A?X4))@&U*UJ`E8EHF-DZ5M@M%R1AH']W:^-
M1%



MRWAB=5?T?ZLT-0I,R=#YTM#7^XSH3



M*Z4


V][L%.B\GJ+4JNF*`L+LUG;'G;Q;HBU_--[959&@P9_+
M
RY22[M*A3FSSUBHMT121.)3Q/TE+-$V.\L#2P7L;,TU`L9YKVWSPF1$[N
M+=&4V=*]%0B9I5ELJT;Z&4MN[N1,-*[#5*B*;-T84$*I/(5IIG]3:&B)Z%

XYE)^3@4?+0WJZ^!F
:^PG#:!:+D)

MD%E81@O-GI/-1^C@YEG@VA=
1)G#&RUD^-C)QR6:)F?Y&JY`^$TES6T;5]V8
MN]M5'3O9N$0O3@:Z(#$MF7H8K9079R\.A9HJLO2JQ5(33PN%I].(##UJN/
M492;DU/':
)FR2R/CPID*H./R18ZNI




M24834




MT*FRHK:18=E





A*6TK
MOXB65W\CB$A1/0GM2'Q0W]G)W*=!M)C`XJ`BY6:M=EFU?K!5D#[Q3G3.8@




M&O



`'SAO;P_R*Z#_.MO\

M:&5E='






]UEZW(QJ0KTNKE]?PE$\494CSG





J%37F_EWB3


M8*F1B/X`&O+7&


7CDP`621_M

*5_7[1BIQV;IALHQ3
M/T0`=XZ8BR<B*5VGO')!F_\U/54FB3H22)0W\?1

M#:
W![H&WLF[0O8@6@/SD)G6


MQW5F4-S`.H:Y`5@$*?J==GE]/%Q^I\;XZMV=]IZT-X462[;@(BE$V=J;++

M9QY7KV^EN?K
ZHH]S'?R3`P72I#9!^)@(%`:V)\Z(QXB?XIKZ7K\T]-1@]D9

-CF
`IKZN..

ET_(]A]Q
``/__`P!02P
$

XUT)OI]0B-
SMWX8

=OQ*Z


Z6J__LPH>%
M0!L#@C-Q`=F([1FA

M$4QL2#*$Q-
68MD(;!O7Y2LP-$XW?7[8VWMC0*%N')7!;?]%TGEA:8'B=U-Z



M1W)]+QMK3B80_W&,0#C;H0N9;7TJR]SY]J[WNT*;.L.PLN)-NUB,-T[8GH


M.ETY4=@_M'9\
R?.#FEW:F7+]#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`#V5VKD4'


2YX;6RDFEN3JC@0Q]^W

M@=^+P2$])F_GZH_\W4VSUU
%PZU#CUC'-H?O9EKNP5$(
YKJ+-(^/\
)P-_!

M-D'@?Q-$TQX.



YGEWS^W_2FW(:1;E-Q:F#@99

M#%P.^'1BQ_$$D


6P



/`Q

M)JJ_K*21_?UX465W:




M_
:-SB_7ZI*V4R5=JYZI2.9=58+52-JAL`EQ'$)\0CQ0D(0F)&$O#=PO




'+)2D\&9V
0'S
&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#<R+GAM;)1576^;,!1]G[3_@'@O8`(A1%5LZI;I4V:IGT\
T\4R$9;S






M(F/P'BN\7@F^=^#4@*;LL#Z#:`G
YX/+\G97-7B@N)@HVO!1$5WPF%ZCJ
%:\73CY@
G




?M25]8SX8*R9F4CQ[
MTJ0LHTVQLG_]?+A);$M(W&2X


M7D-78_ZT:V]25K=`L:45E:^:U+;J=/%8-(SC;06^7U(TP.W?CBAKVG*F6Y


UFN[&#F1+$7((!;6R+D

MM%CM0;0`9N4L?-

.]#&@.`(]_1[B@


&T\F&LV.O1T81G+_KG6KT1#CQ)GX[
MT
%PA(['=2P]N9'.%QF96V;D.4%3:0
RTC=^$!S/U%A:W1B#_JK+\/)-!(/G



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`@9'C(J`(```@'```9

!1]G[3_8/F]&$A(




M&
W7$TR6B]:?7X(?S=4W

EKBZ:0[R6OY#Z@G9]R7

T/XJ\P.KFK:1
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#<U+GAM;)R9





DMWC='I.-84Q1J?TOP\Y!XFY6=\%/M]OLV\8OMZ






MA1+D%='W4RP)FI




6L4W1M]#H@=$MQ;=EJWHDZ*[\#O94AFRPZ

8@P6-P48`4H!A^9(?'L0


BT*7$<U5#2C
M;2!95E.+Y#*`-9RJ0R:E=)F;VP?3,O,$%4$M242ZRF(DQ=

W)A:GE4H+7+/3H*1?UL\<,`P^#.08^!@L,`@Q#)88

MB

?@P4&
M`08A!DL
5AA$&

M1FGH)Z9FK9ERB9`&##P
YACX&PP#`(
5ABL
(@PB#&(.&`IT$U-57'\[@D

MDI`5(1$A

M
R?$)V1!2$!(2

M

M(H^B.44^10N*`HIBI84K2B**(HI2BA:4[21D!QEMKT2H]R]W=_[V9IOT\0Q
M@??54W92`^],;%@*2X?3Y[\=*%=9ETFOM^S0G*?H@5%`44A14N*5A1%%
44




M93/XL*J

$%``&``@````A`+HSM3/G

#/G




.P)A0YE4`7:
M/2GHIU)MP6'_ZO2C+L!7[I2DPH=&?F/'CX3N:PG53L0\K4H7W,B@@4:+PP


M/*J&+*:J(ZCJV_481*I#MLAP;@O8O`&Q$=MK1!38D/P:DJ4CQ+(1_8\-=0@:

2:'
MA1KDX_=U_1L``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`$Y=^=+.!```UQ$``!D```!X


M3//*%`KK^A$-=CSF&0U8]E;2JA4B-2W2%N;?G/-+
ZB5V2-R95J_OEV^9:R\
M@
1+7N3M9R=J&F6V_G&J6)V^%.#[@\S3;-#NOFCR99[5K&''=@9REIBH[GEE


M@K1-=YN:70U8B%#&YI+R94W6(#@TBRCMV#[_USW0-ESDF:ML38B'QFB@Y=]W
M!%;]QGJ'/LUZTOX&267X`X


:2KJ*


!!B(
)`C(%$`I0ZP88I^[KOAY.W

1!F(







&5[QN]ZM;B8BR\M

M+GAM;(Q576^;


M:0O2R)9EZ)5I=+OY_&E]E.I)UXR9`!A:G:':F&Z%L:8U$T2'LF
MWFE$L3`
MI:JP[A0CA5LD&IQ$T1P+PEOD&5;J$@Y9EIRR7-*#8*WQ)(HUQ(!^7?-.]VR
M7D(GB'HZ=%=4B@XH]KSAYM61HD#0U4/52D7V#?A^B:\)[;G=Q1F]X%1)+4L3
M`AWV0L\]+_$2`]-F77!P8&


#WG\RGA5&^CV#`Q97ZOB


\&#/M+GGEA(%






J#G0X)I#-4A\%UE]@&GM2W



M!!8$7%VRVO9*K515_7@.P4T28SBL.S^^XX])L1V\;=!Y:$X_&9
^/CQ*MO


3+1(^8F=:PB\'5A5)#9?5





&A/N\;`G^KX!U$315HBR!8




M]`+]Y:Y$$-7:EMIW].G_E_N+!RMC(4*[&]Z^52AW'_7?`
B@'4B]15I^ZP


M/$1KAL_FH13J93[7*U1[^I:EZ]-#4=O)]VP;
/$Z%0-L_^B




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#D.SR`10






M%

FAC0S:3



M='






(=!8C5#1U&58H&G69

MT``RZ5421;`7K-V5C%S1^AI1]HK(R8?`2617_?*IU*H'F8Q=R-5)A?6^:8^`


S]N(K

&ULG)9;;YLP%
??)^T[
M(-X;



HM3/R0@=]9
R/M:F72=


MX9Q/&&Z/*B
^YHJ-\7]-&=OI&^V&H
K$
%9L#-4

MWTH1JLP4&2LVQE6M5XTL;QZFHPBOA2P

M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`VA+


M?98EVA8BB89(Q\G?[U`C2R2=QLZ^)/'







M`E`_^
DL\

90^2!3!?(D
=8ZR_Q5B
ME1?)$O/!5%PJ
_SFA`_63K/D-1B`&T0!#











MS?K;VXET=^IVE
=\?7I]*CU]^73_($=@3_O1Z^K;YV
3W9C.6?[X]
NG[1F:

M?;O]^?@V7/^JKQZ^_W@3OPMR2/;(;N[_*:\V=W)*I9N3?
'V=+=^E!V0_Q\]









D.($Y21
M0MDA51
F@8U,F2J\#;W$;7V$;4S1+FJL-.ID@-
M2=T
483Q
U.D:KJ?*5+[-




54:&

-QAI
-)AJ
M

MLR9M;1``N?U]0`L&@%0MP+3I0*@`9E#2H:5#6H:5#7H*%!4X.6!FT-.AIT



MT-@J4%+@[8&'0VZ&O0TZ&LPT&HP4B#L083#:8:S#28:[#08*F!
2#PSI2@
M@7L&]AGX9V(#XXHNG&=&$:8:N&I@JX&O!L::M+-!#NS#74$0WE]QV
IU`BY5
M?(NQ*A4!D#)(!:0*4@.I@S1`FB`MD#9(!Z0+T@/I@PQ`AB`CD#'(!&0*
@.9











MI@)2!:F!U$$:($V0%D@;I)
0^P::\Q.UO-5-_NQ7/WH@?9`!R#`A=C-G\D;/




MVXG*#Y

M0U
!J8+40.H@C9CLAD;UTJN))BV0-D@'I`O2`^F##$&(.0


@(9
M@TQ`IBSA*0F27D.)7QU-$]4?EQ=@Q!)C:5@D*$*V6R00JFBV352T6R83


QJR(`PK0MZLC(:[FO![*N]&
MAHK.R_N

M@M1`ZB`-D9(Z0-T@'I@O1`^B`#D'(&0



0(8@(Y`QR`1DC(#F8,L0)8@D@]MI^0#
MB!;+9194-%GF$*AV-GLCY3-@H**YANY*/M0_DH^4JHP'W8=\X!\N&7/=#YD

M#(&8-
0*8@

MN1


MHKER/085[97/TX
J
#@


0(8@(Y`QR`1DC(#F8,L0)8@$A5MJ$0%
MB9+5*BS1(5J&BM1`4JFBM1@8KV2E2@@P.HV+7+7\C*FZY4T5%/_.23RV*

MJL#@
#!V23
=F`^65-P*J`J*7L_/.U4R%^34FDLI%NPN5LL@%9`J2`VD#M(`
M:8*T0-H@'9`N2`^D#S(`&8*

X5`71O

30D'4A$8.*E2$1@XJU(1&#BM4A$8
JJ(\@


M':0!T@1I@;1!.B!=D!Y('V0`
@09@8Q!)B!3D!G('&0!L@21C^1-+8#'B_Q$


M





M_]^J7_PL```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#[JR2SV0(`

!!]K]1_


M4(&VW1*TS-&#E^T2Y&S6@S^_&3W*R;

!1)=1^NTH=



%H(AXFH24Z`&.;-V5&CS`P\
P]:*BJZHTTC



M970V
2YX;6R45EUOFS`4?9^T_X!X+V`^`D1)JH:J6Z5-FJ9]/#M@@E7`R'::

M+K$M(7%;X)JU9&V_$V'?;SY_6AT9?Q$5(=(AE:L[4K*;NFZ(J](@X7#.M)


M_J&YIP)5DH'Z%PC]#+GU$U=8-JL@H9*-LM3LJU_86&?)L=[/2!OVAYA&
MSY:HV/$+I\4WVA)P&^JD*K!C[$5!GPLU!)/=B]E/N@(_N%60$A]J^9
=OQ*Z
MKR24.X*

YB?0
MUH#@/0@?XK(+A&!UT-<$-BKA-QO5ZDF357Z:4^O$]D:2*)]5IEEHX&)`+!F


M-)Z-XTD8^(/RB2[8N==;HL!S7?-B&


P@4


M)L\OJKGV'SV;?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`/;KSVUV`P``D`H``!D`

0!
ZV5%

?8HX)^
MJ=02'`XN3C_H#'SG7D7VQ:F6/]CY
Z&'HX1T)Q1FQ1O=P348*C0#/#B6(J




MF4;;VI))NS.I[$%&W!U*(W11_PX$Y?



.T
Z`
9QGT



MKLU_6&EU=7?WF=@D06






/






M(@YB#A(.TC
8AB;



MD6T.*$

$-ASL6%GQLRUEHTY=AH=Q-ZNW8YQ9*M6DA



9`$2`HD`Y+KQ'1(]LBZ0[?5H]Q=7B_(7C7X
]0M^JE97]Y-J<]C.=?ZMNJ`/


AV1_JSMT


$





MI-;!
`-_MLJVW.5/Q_ZOYB4JJ_VAA^FV8$1T8(OMJU]V!3@*86:&12
5S1$Z


M2S3=IW;QP/*


MH%%^T#!#
$CQ#HKW^9X8GGZG/4/%%:-HQ41@XD7D69:H64\:6F`TLH_!!H
`
M@Q#(




M6\W15A_6'!-QYF#@8[#!(
`@Q#(

E+5
MC1K.%8GX$ME())!(*)%((K%$DI&P\B-ST[+0V2`5%2:Q'52@F:BPR=R^[LRB








MSB$IDN;J]K4LK!?!675VD:.9UND2EA*J]W:_O7S\69N6T+B*L4%J\C:?B/
MOMU\_+`Z


+3&M;
.PY-=PLRC7E@R;XDE30DG!18@O\BI[4XLI7)-70EYL_[
M^B9A90T46UI0^:9);:M
ED^[BG&\+2#N5Q3BY
BM'T[H2YIP)E@F':!SC:.G
M


M(A+(*-`X?J28$E:``_!IE525!F0$O^KO`TUEOK:#F1/%7H``;FV)D(]44=I6



M/`UJIB\S\OPN]4/I_YL_9K8
7?#0*'9D4*=-@M1DZ%WI=7VI3_VS
1O4.Z*3



M%L%&9')[N5$-RHSY^&1$F)W(K`PEX3ORB12%L!*V5_L.@O9N_S6[V#WL8KY^

PA*D?^:P]!)8.3P'
MP!EC\OB@UK5VC=[\!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`-F64#.0)``!+
```


BYX;6RLFUMSXC@0A=^W:O\#Q7O`
MDO&-2K(UW._WRS-#G(2:@%/`3&;^_;8P`NDTDX&M?1F3X_Y:R#YNR4)S_\_/
M]5OF1[S=K9+-0U;DG&PFWBR3I]7FY2$[G=3NPFQFMU]LGA9OR29^R/Z*=]E_

9-KN'[.M^_U[
YW?+UWB]V.62]WA#9YZ3[7JQIS^W





453)=B]


+CT1EP=F

M&1%.%-I44P=IJJ6%
^4Z-M/6(9KI:.'
4$N1375UD*9Z6C`HX4!;?1VDJ8$6


M3(*14%`49XB,;,(W_=#(.8&8;F/9L:6^PZSH$]??YA[%
@&!'N3RD-\0]&


_Z%3D:5H[0*T`)

M4C'\R38?XS$Q1$$`42'K$I$C.3D

MI30HM;.(@C`$+Y;3`


M`+
TKTG2
I/X0N`XT+Z41$?.V82CSP#U?WFB0]*TGHN&#
_C5)!E:2R
4!

M&B9P)YQ`0@UI(M&R%=&+KBPC43'(@HTL,-][B+1LPCIB!&@#X2`Y
0#IO+


MQ








#OCZTW



M6:1-2%P?R.+PH.=/':.MW.^+E[B[V+ZL-KO
6_Q


M.3


MMK@8R1=94A-*CLP`.5
&.LYY9LY

M\)7V?FOT3*Z[.DN_9R4&LZ%



3VMC7






KS$\%+L^1Y4[ZQ

M:&5E='

0
M!+N#Z%AVX%=M9?287(OF#W;[1O/3N8%V!^!(&%ME[R'E*5049!P_$$HI*R`!
N4-*_]!$FFE4
1O


BYHL(DJ'`YC!=KULR
MF?EK]Q5&(FU).R3!BNY)!F
_E#$8X7\RHB&#^-.EGDK\B!1

M?$%$D%Z093#I]671=LA9R!$55=P/@V`N/3TJ'$.*QI#BAZ1[DEH18-B?+X((

B!X&&M;E#_8HEJ6:@?C[DC8<M#@


M7WBJ&K[
Y0]7(;%)J+Y
)!QPHA9IS\#9`U_BCM4+HPN\




U?R\RM;5MY
%S&U8FUA7=_\TG7I@O%TS?`4

NUN




54&
M2KI3J2
:_UW99A3JMN7PKFRWO6W8Q

7R%O6N
M0K^KT-Y;7Z%7Y?+%U^5%*88JK1L2VVN;SCM:V7A/*&
#-6?DIC2]MX0-:-R'
M0;W.'#I)?A!+0GC4F0P


S6KZ1$
M0;?785;30IV96\V(9HJBPRU769O8G
O!Y+EJ
)A;$SH;!/T06+D)QW[-&LX[





M+:5\IH@8A.


`U!!7?4YK\@A_J_S3E+

MFWIO]U`(H6ZJ25H&#.YD_+GO:0:-`MWD%//-J63YWFMSX)_N?&PR@U)N'38-
M36;_7
2\/5CLJG:]69[MO45%]
2BS:IG60'

M2#LX@L;)#MI@TJ2L:=/625LMVZPON-/-^9XPMI;L+/X^I['SYLQEY^3B11H[
MM;!C:SNVTM3@V9


$%``&``@````A`-D5=I?A#```$7P```T`




887`R#?`.E6D-


MO6X7U4H-UA*SR;P+_

\\5#NR'#@:U2E34





$0QR!PY_8&!GNQ


+T$FBJ*$J&W/1RT0O9M-YNJ1SB?


D/J4=[P=)]=G'J
M0IF:#A$


```H^%P/.Q-^A;\G_4$[2-0K=.AJ=NJ
M!($FJQ($FJS*ALH*8Q5F#37'*D&@R:H$@2:KCE1U$VG^&VFW*D&@R:H$@2:K


EC#)EJT%]BP8(R;W;F]\=Q7#B#3R'I_P

5G8

M25BTQ2&/#PM'$];(ZHZL8?\J&;`I8KUVE]YN?2A=SONH7X(:4;?U@A
=!CF3

3]YJC$^=0%IN<C2/;TS?W\-!C`
M*&F8X=E+@FE^PH6W9.E-V'V/BUM+GD@-%.2ZJTR&/34=RJB8PD&;#:-E5&

+V0(P`@Z$.#FO%0'X)XZ$




MH+U3#

M*
U3Y^76(!/U07':](S#%7W






<KB5ISEQ!2?G2%7-B4OX
M;V-/58J;Y!R-A:H*
D


NC3II&H4F`5(


4

M=6W=WQH7QML%J@

M09.4%J_[H:#NK6-VQ#Z9X$*117!16H4=


LNZO
-@/R

M_0`OMX7WYAJ@ET1#O`]C+2A#)H\%7CUXXHX
&6B=H.']#\]&D2$#K1
R?%+%

G]S\^I'#+GA`1


(TOBK$P48+5SH[OEHB43%
0)0_2^?BQ-8
MF=YC?/TS.YLU'P^`HI;NRMGY\7W^Y=0L/O^1'3L.SI3^ZD?O2Q@S$E.S^/P!
MSW.'*(;Y(4@W'[9P1CC\:^PB;VK^YVXVFKR[L_L7X^YL?&$-W.'%9#A[=S&T

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!DV5UN

LJ5I4KJUI-7_DA]LT`





*H'Y;CX?57.BP
H7:_M
;0

M5!Q=7IQ

M_)*9CQ'A-0/9PV(?#CB;SGN+WQL

M].&D.#Z?+FMPH-X`


M$)?KV[RKD

R+Z7HH


-\B@TUFT]/1SW-%=:'\1Z-B!X8'V$)(X8;
M!2@/
P.,A-H`Q#I[U=G3F(@S;$B

_+]XG0^

M!?4P7''^A'KN_:TA^[NJ'
R7U.[M`+3_BZFMBZ2L-V;_-

]U=[G
EW;


'
98S$
[\5*Q0LP&J7ZKY





\`&SOS`7IMB?0KD`!



K@Q+XADURQD%DQRR_S%WLH
ME^6ZNL.\#1FL&

1VRDQ
M-'M17'I]GBZ;YPV-$S$#C,`(N+D6(6M0I+N,+OD.#E_OO=YO0UV/?,^F<_)9
MQ!%`4/&)21^H=0KL_3P=_ZP(`U%'(^J`$-!H@2V/ZUW(8S8$`/#V_<%!4IB


X
#Z@9PY=F`

S)U.-TR-W@?7D&8)S2
ME?DSO
L?%$+Q(QQ_LAR-/5K









Q5$YA@(W9^#\DI









L%\J+
9K




M`H2_

M'-S

H[\C/DCD96M^H(IB?/F`\V!L

GI


MA!585C24Z+`WX4B




8T-4@99?X6NW.2&&)DA!229JN7Q`FR
M(9IIR75HW!@@!!/D`3;U

\Z7%R`VY




M3L&.QB&4S7:A\^#KTIU#^RTD&
1M5L*FT\'5&$MA5@XJ0WOD)A2AN$N;V4YF
MNP'^)&^%5C9^7&6UB(O8!#4GIC2U;MX?YZCMB`EBU?(`QG$(*:V0%96Y@`
M.B)L`D'O&D3S2U%






YR^MD

MR
8=








MLCD+P;_:HX;



$00I9&O`C(573YOW$Z3.9HX7T%'$
MKNU-(14([_L''BBBTS@G4\\.)%F:UJ/@445):7@`*7B_YGSV=TPIHJA`DWYC
#%'`K0._[%R(<5@
ML)X2)EED(\A\F\T:Y=/,,^!GC[=]ILZ8498)Q[%7LGY$$!?&GD#GTX\;KUUF
M1K]93BJR(EXVMFO+C3QO?3KPW+*:93%W=W'F\U%!1E5W-*1#*!8F(RC<2B]



@!$UQ#T)
C.VKA^=DE]:9Y+6C5!8Q'N
M*)76TV1Y
ZC+9IPEFAB;V?6$7`0-5D

M\+YJ6D:W






M/\QDJD





M(2XL*Q%%CH\XU/P&U:N`&9



M7&V1AQGUKT!+W1RP8D#8&AAZ[AQQ+Q.5L5UJQ=(_GX8*E2BBBASE1J(88+(
M1OGF)4LTDT8.85-OX/L?E1]ZUBI\C#09*2+8:[;.+W9'IV+#A@KIM;!!5M7

8FSRDLHN5ZXXK=?@Q!=
#%#IL8*K+]AP2!(F!^&SA:^2BO;TL@W0
M?A*4)VX=.#Z+VFCW3?`0417]FSW4$N5\G;R/%@CGV84)
02125C#`RP/Y#;P
M`A]G,EJP%?VO;DB&!0=H

II!4



M281M=$L.
T
KBLKFI)SPA9XQ1@/'G
^7N











_-U973PX-LJ^%O^S!T[1DI41)1I[=A


IXH#.%?F9TQXC'ND&


M!&W!7R^Y1]_S]@W';
+&



DU#3#]DWF.RP
#'@O569(8V5N07

(PM:6IV@JPQC`S7-


M9:OTXW/+E4



R?;CY

I+R:VZZ-[Q=
;Y
MBJ]WMNY_6Z1OSF.:32'%N2ZP$N9PT46QI@-MSW.XE
2S3
MWCB)&
K&\%67^

M]C/DL@/II/5U-@+[EA_:V-*XQN%FQ17`'R7)2X3;HH3989]N[D@22_B2DB0=


0Q4@^JS/
MRB4E&NGBFD%KW0`P
5*'/3VQVXP


MH\###XMX6!/S`.SF*FQHEF)&=TQ+FU8KD[Z/REKMB4`#4.9RS;E`QE2A
8


:*VA7
M`.4!_MA
X4Z!I2\LU:



2*;W46!4@&@@1#K#(/E^%$#L/


5)9EMCZKJN.JM$2*A.
Z
M@L^*5\\BY6
D&!7_#0:A
MV4PIG)RS$=4;W,.E&+ZG)J7*E&(VHPM%K]!&]&*#]KU/:S`Q'P4ALF)
*3J

M=@\]/A]*1ETZ,:[9&E+OD-RFO#I&!-?J,(]?Y3Z%EVW[`[.JN6]9\)&%
P




,TGF^R`&AB:R/SO2VAE)D8F!6TTNNNL,@
M(.Y3S77,@Z\`^+G-=VJKUI?'CY[\P[(N!_*4=)<0E%&<3KFQ&VX
%G!QS1V




F\^+7#.+
MT07!:M6H4+QM]U\T7EJ(S$86S13P-;00^VUEG\)(95E:F.^[,UVCD#/.LQN
MU.2:6=4L-B@ET?I(XE+WT9L6NJLIDRU#6+MXL$;'9OF[PV@U1K*)5JR)K

M8N-V8:T+N^8?:UEU*%6N.Z'SW.\(AKOM[1O%\WW_(5;F`H-!(0N=*-;V5]
M^6TK.H6B()&JV:S(ZN[.3G-%#)@?_!EI9#MQRK3)[R`G!AX2G7YK=65W4^


]BD?]2

M1?B
^4,[:^7X7\W<@&_24!
M5=%6L*]PAX.VL%,J3+:K=NT*'7T



4ZGD[9W^--?

GQ.


132XG#[6J&?YL%_6CN;
M8U


M;-4;2I/:_KKW


MD6KVO=;7Y=%'&3YV.XT

.Z%95(WF:ZVZ+I=+=DZ?TXL/#FM2[O574CJ9H]\%X^/AHLIV#2_
M\[VC!JT^[Z5=P-=/`WV.M





F[^05M


TB$5413#D




MX5Y8AI8;+D=GK-%:]G@RHRW3;
MEI\GT3UO)[IKSB\K@'7E%MY`
XV;8646XPKZ([?.%D^/.].
&9R(L=@[F:+/
MMFJU





ID4UNW#
M^W68;D$/






$_/4L$DS-;6N
R

MVG;9J@OZX9V5'^G](TWFD)E*'$F7EKI@Z:8QX#J-#H.J0TD`:6$C?X_T+HGB

M.E.H4%1K_NM6;VKH;V4F*7)ZVZBH`3U




MD\-&?F1*K?)M
/


MH0Q)[8VC.(S()7N*BG:LW8T9LCK*@JZ`!Q$GE&*K(3HJ&4P`6NF';'NVNOGX

;UHG9


*B.1J[R6
;Z78Z
TC;9I(E8??X\UH72PBH\R<
/(:
1Z4


MUNJ2Z\'VJ%-LDTWW6Y_2
D;SQA#PI3\RMV?P_&NZ41F@__U2J1;]A9LL;&56
M8

&





8C

MV1&G\^N_;`P.I'#QB4F+[7(=OW/V

-DMTN)?Z*H@#)0NK%](N9=


M-GS7X&X;HLKW00@K!\%N&MT
/AKZ7)$Z3IE-XR?
')7&FIW&?TR]XFA[;8?H
MX(/9#DS)?GHPW5G;Q2Y%/RL=J5P@N.(#]W'D#F=CL_1)4).E-M1UZG%BS>U
M9^RA*7[RG:S7%T^7[V

M`T^M)D%B2FPJ;ZK?G`F[PFW1M.757UPX5=B?D?EX'T_A2K_^\NURW_=2MOBB
M;#

MBN9
H37TZER5%K-M@[-*H(!G

*2U7Z
MK+*Q











I&IYPO.VP^;HM@JLI*
M]W5[%'?@+)U//6<$-+7AMU`]?EALRV-O0!.83J3_.$__HX']VL77AIV'555



MCX%C^1+0WEW=7/
]94+8?9@KOK]&[32P?8X4&:#S5-5QOAB
FV)$#O

MA12\'S2-4.K4[46XN+N]L_IXQI.-V]M;J]
=_D.'W]E6;L^=6*BMP1U+OK7!
MZYZ+K(0W`HK[
:NE

M






M)+A8U'0


9[R5J_G'@W.J1+)BR&
C





MB\'1EPE_N=(YY_D.C;!I\Q9^X@?D*



!CMWTO0'FS5


'7$-B*E5GM%`^7B2ZW3[]XH1L%G

HX/V?7*R_+;EY^R]$G0AN_

H7&'*CQH4N1L*:=Z8

=V1ON;P5B=?)_!ZF@ZM/D+;W

T%OAK3


GGT02KB;1O=@_O^
M&
L$Q.\

U?X]Y4X/.D?3G[@/ARIA^?8UWQG*?

=M
M
1#X^\KTL:MX#A_9\
91BC8W
B=
53=8D]]]0U7B&6SK!WEBY#FR-B9T;_EP1.&=B$B
MXWR@VBFLAG=MB&B#JW1GN*2DU)$:%



MA



PUU]L+;!TK'M,;-YM&9/2:X+!0V%E,0#S5].J-#LG+D
M%'J&=JOF+B0H[?+X<TLG45S(31NYC_KT@[,!..JS%@\Y!KQ#T4FG2L#XT=@

M3+'
E`08`G
DV_VQNIF[IAKMV%17
MH]_XR@(^&`)'YC_&0;NVC4/!=:$2Z[*;7%_;_*H&!0V96)H4+V%KF2'WC6%K

Y

#Y
]Q)X%49F

M]F1S%1U%\R%'C%44=+(/P`M^DQ;K!Q$2F[RLVT992_^:#J9._
W8AX;E(%HN




;%#-@&^T%E7PW
!-TXO%YBAUR5]C$G5DRJ-Q)E[%7D[@H`D;7?G;]




:W*/;7#DD;/YID%;]`?O+JI2WH?97_;DYMZ#
MI74P10#;G3@V^5$--NRQS2O/!\S.YW/X167
M)4:S%/\TSX5KQ7/KZI&VP#/
M%C$^FRYY[`RAQL!L#EM!#L;(6+(:





5N-T4^^



JD3_?\?D`Z.!F)313F!P0WSA'

H5Y[@







:
M/P:

M8S&)UN;F.8E2/B:D^.R;6;RVLTA2.$H^?7?3@JDL:SKA=4A&`U-UG1`(5_87
MV5#[NF2^GE^8DQ





B=\<US&&=J/U(
M@Z[U(./Q

M

M:L=NEK$,3!

MM[:[G3?1
7O!IQ(2


$I\^%8U(V0'X-[Y!)B

4?&
S!3


M/#LI^7U`RV\\TC0B&]N]
_W1'@6

MCUS6/J

M

KVU*1`:




ZS%\WC
MB



472S%R^_-VA)I-9(Q\JS_T@N]+!H?+B=%(FH
0/_



VT3Z(9#T)4RE[0X0!&Q.MK1V14P!R8F(M$9O;&);8


M^K)H0BC#FE=7']&02`
X]C
^F&Z-'JAIOG=T6/RU0SI7J+-+K=+T'CC&714O


9#?0SZ

Z92FYH_9$GWSE8E;A/E3)U=

H::L?4C7$FA*7@=Q



MWE:O/L4+PX)Q(+.O


:WYR40_TXIU<4'UUWH.2L;(_LH8^


MP^LQ(O$*PRD`T=)9D)


(ICT

BN]I$Q[ST02


M[?[*W6J($RC`/6




1



=*FEH9@5=

(4]8UPPZ;;ND(1F6GY]SWE7Q9B


M5\
RK([2X6_UX-_(CRM!&*\VJC`3$C_^!?U@;?V2=N+\W



M*08`&4%NXB;R+'`)+L&GNW#)+:

(`8NQ37]H-%%I=
V3BYK:B/

1H
G?

MF\B?1K4T%Q
S7IQ\0%CRKA$6Q.6/*
)8G0\=$H68Q1+AT[)1R*P-@U&*SB'&
Z-[9X`935AO)X+^4IPNYC+E&C8D
M/\05:KZ<_:J]KMKNBJ<7;^=TS;38828OZ'YN!B/B[YV8\5?9)HX'@&*JD\\

M5\BT)%1F7^`Q



D/C'@S#4@WYW@/)R@6$75?2'?HH4A2_8G9-G5*+2@R:-$!.I/K5



&L#1T*`;'VS

M`JE!W.59


7W\F]BVRG*V\B!-G!_
MA['X1P2D?X_!^

M%MZ(2+#8_QWVGUP+$;


_3W?4-MZ@DJCXM7P25



M\0<=*N]B!T7BS8;#L

9
MG+LTY$22GH


9GE[YDN?NNF6NN(N.\\/TVB'1L7Z/
?Y94O/39-0
A%
&P`
MGV;J&&P.3J1GHH
!66F1:?_O#GZR

MMJ






M%IF?*I;WX^)&OU@M0G\45(V\QGO`OQ;F6ZYK!))1K@P-];G+K\[D^(.,Y,R
M3;J$A9`TGW8E46B




KNV

J#*ND$2!SW%1YJ35)B_P8KW!.:(S-*':48TFOF5*


;6

MJ1XEPN9O?QUO/:@?'G#O9A_J7[OWL!NK9-HEWI]15E.]I/I@W$4Z[([7LU&3


M.D;3@S/'S[1RTWL;L:PY=X+CCR\EHUL`+6*%4$)0.@JY_WD`1QD^*4HAD-


#F
96H'/





M[-`*
8KM'`<67
MSR*[.4Q<'/4]W4M&E_#&*(.O9CSQC7R/!:ZS7`HNPI=%%ZE\]5#FGB

MPOJA45H%
08G-NS`6:VB$E/%C

Z]D%-3
M3%6#DFT^;R58U),6)SM:QJ!<QE#CH3E@TUN/FGNA3KM=;8BZBKSOIHX&J=L


*93-%B$GV'5\Y)A8*ZT*#B[M?'

M7).9

@C-(L!U.]&5-@AIX;;MM0@HMXKC/7^76K=4'IW;9D



*
?X@[UA]Z\RTD8Z;

MG^ZXEZ537&)N0A`!N*`+]^=I9J&7@4G78;5Z8/0T\L/BVP;SC%T;Y++4@N'
M-.%SGR!,![=`$2#02$&';QX

MALM_Q7`R'-ZJ
()&-8+;I:;9Z8-L7I)+NS!!(Z\J#6


MZSHP
;`^NK\#*







M^F$S^

C]QU

%':L'P<<O*S[.%(I&60\-D%7*/.6
IA+NE/ZA.K@WXW`NG




)
J+%)8@958
(PZ




<KMG1AVSU`C_QO^(J;VU3[Z9%[FNH3$2@]AN*TIW




MS:J0FH
0IR?JN-2D2SL!QU77PWFQ=9*TJ!R:;:@;U@;QE)ZJ;&NZ4/*+45MI


^C0YL
MY0PUU4//?]EU+MM\&6\6B/


OBXG9+XXUB.W[:\://%B@T7B4H

M9*ATFPO4E\18=6
16SRU)R=KBCLJWJ3EIVJQ%_OE!P`*.Z+4XY)221F5V.

KU!?_1&J2XN;X#Z


MJ/`HW_,`@2%/6+6?X[?V;^Z*S].KKD=QTO&UZ=1-'Q[)^-KQ[&;S,3,YRC2
M,J^!YF&QER3'V-]Q18F3Z5*1A42)+:6

M
MIN4_!D&6GU2ZKD'Y#;99%40RG\NDHP.:'4``8$'=^!B&VC%8^WGI%BO.HM
M5
DU8[RK3H+-2.BG+$,$/FK'7,A&-_F6:
M27T/:7<,@-#_O8V4TL5==SB[4QLI5]$6KBM'HQ
7D67O&)




`2Y)@LJD$`\BRGTFRNO84!-J@'T5*

&_





MJ(@/`@;!B

RUT'_]^


5G_RUBQ=1Z=?4OS+:]4_


U89/'FDX)EBFVW1MMLJ^


MR-7N4(ZBOD-[Y4$];T)13;#)N3UJ



%*2OU@*(CJ^L/5VRBB5T0?^O&F


5X_^[Y2DDN5'


M)?''/XRQ_$W%CC4G__-KY7.:S/0_ZWV_5^7KH



7=J-][6;MK79/#M^6*%UP]C=82N;05AL




MV@
SRWXRFC5H6$PI.YM_4(]$_-+#T:
0`%$_?'?Z$V&SR!6GUTCOQ-VG\KT;



L0<J
KVY[


7[JFU&



\=O'L+KV;MH2




MY975(QWCYL
'H5H(0Q/*'+)V*

V.

M1^\/

?;YE;7QJ;HG_9-==BU(TE2S!%NA%

M)*?G;E\G



:X7O=Y


MS=C9'%5[




MN
F







GK[S_WN/7'.7


M$D(




MP%R2)1I4%9+[8.WB*RNO47FSPQ1-89?!0PL?J;C)NKI7_H3@UGO?MZ51ANY[
0I5X*9S6`01;CP5X

=H$F
X^



M0%UGJJ%YW
3V9P(1%?M

M@I_&$

M3N_B?&8RT(V[FK+A/UVNSC[9[JA+UD*`C?HH!#,DY63UVGR^LF.:#S)D


M#P@0






M9SI(=9:G3&CV?7=D4

Z3@^.C^@R7*+QW
M92N)1XOPPL;@\1$_RI7*5Q*ETB1]YVFM-7'WO$/D2_0BNS
EE3KWYJSCUL2C
M4[GTE9N(URA^;0!8D_BG3(^8&@KW6D[I!Q\Q):#BJYIUG(3FVQIJ(^QA&W7
M=X-3#P%P\$,K0[TY@$(!QO)T
I[OU[D#.0NV`UMP&`
82@*T)L1;*G@?3KV



M7?78^SN')H[WWVK574/??=6O5)E%Z@S:D
AN(9=[BP)K4\+)0^'VQ&'5MB:K
M1^7[N
4J(M:7NFN3?DJ37H=)
V=OQ'$O[9(7JWIA^`68TMM[-0Z6E1\H-%\V


MMK-?G/'%5Y\OVQI6U]6MZT:XSLI.93\W2LD*@ZE[`WFV.N!'W`$/I9W7$#
(+],CM1]L[]2U=V:-DA:=EU?=#R\K&L#Z-Z,^/NW*7
M50\1N\LYY,)C:<Q`*OY&YKEI@C&)HXK$O[-HX?/J'QD?0@VK#<P%33RG]L/


Y`/1#H%TC85V/8707@\='I'(KY(V8#U5ZOJPX
ML


*K4I*[UHR#(_`Z1WM4)$W9-

MD]E/:@5^
J?-5JWXA?=?,-DU0A8[A0JDH5-JO='S$OH*,1X42J32MJ`+PZ

MOQT/O21*\]$5*;XV4@4^(H'F4T8W#NP:^$X^(+D'PPDDR\IBZ


M?:S27VADK



E;.F%
M5L\THO6B*


M`UKA'XBM2




MPP;

MG@8(MX`3R8-M]S\^57T)'@4S&RJDI;(]`P'XZ36U3`WP2/%]_/U2[X?3SF?1
M1L0A(P#W'JM^^%Q+D[Y7/O=#V_R#(*)
H1&JC#!@K^;)AE
1)PNL!




%@W9A!97
MN`0[-)SC9P@Q:.``TN<:7]:-%*;QK)BEHL<.OJ46







E=V[D0E4Q@



RP
^&D5*8PRFUI&+D5D=L($@']285M<JL:`)TW`*'U4;G-E'<!-^)X



M97`'7TB(UB[

M7B

DY



M2P


M
ST^;$J]`BB[TQ3;M?O%7ZEHX7J/#WV!_BF+MY;\[;3[^NV7IMS\5AX+76VM


X@L)[B_3]VM-$'+7

MBI1F0U]HKLY9\%1Z1J$?$K.YS1+`G&4\%S02Q)R8`B`4;EGE.9)B(
&A41





MFL#J$U9$T0@G!CY-*G;[Y

BDFE`\_[]4OSH4Q^0%[11296<:B;1.+1+@G.
M[4);AG%`&5$4PZH([ZFTBM.(]:-&WWL



M)AH.=91(6$9B4+2*..X:413#J_BAKA&B^X_)*WM$:L918@3#B8FN
2(ONOZ8










@$)7-N1
MYGF*'\/I(L%D/FOZ\T?PG3F[1Z90NR]:9-]$Q:'9
8W@*52:P=]R=Q?08=
M]G



M

)CG19PF#2RC=5+FY`






M*1@*
&XP


ME!;\GPWR+U`6)+B`1


U!0H



0M8L;W(=D+R[SOC]9J]I(2^Q.';;X;Y9F9W


NVD_ZWNS*Z_


RDK\/SVMYZ





OJ`F'73;
MVY9XR_G:?8
6*4;2CI-@A]](*B

;ZF&N.
4682G



M`VTQ$XOZ/HA

MA50`/`?:
Z$XU4<9&GG;0[SI&:4P<2'4AU(),`I1+8`7(I'HMZL/KR
M?!M94N`&DAA(:B9C*C!XR1]N(\(G[OR)/GDF!M9(3_G_'N'5WQ2+BI2@PD
M-9!,1E0-.0E#0\6@(]638M^JA'.XEK@%3+2)E`\$F0MLHEORD\-DTQ&5&DX


M!-
DB3RBC9L;2V0B


M::^T6NW'

?OWE_J5IG[I3

JL^.[[JQ





(C9--)O9
MZD&'G!]7@29



M64UVX
!
DCCS-(9Q(P`U36(\TU8CYY5!2=/F/U$/0+=*A1SI#I@.\:$OU
M@DG$1(5QJ5#HSNP+*#`J;2]P#=Z*#$DMH/
4T:T./J+I$J@/SN.2M!8+YDQ






:-%*3<%)A?I%25MQ8JNSM]#5F#\<VJN
U2U0[&A%Y7-':EMUMORR

OJ899X(5T@$Z5PN=^YRZJ0M
FU5.P0
5=HN38FW?

H@HT#A^I)@R5H$`^+9JJDH#






MEF16TTB#^MI!
9KU71.P2


MZ^ZP`3.[Q7OR#?
(Y
M`X8DZ<']5XQO.]M_@(``/__`P!02P






H@HT`3Q2#%E

MD
1[D@&HW^^C8!B/TO$5+*%1I!V\QQ(O9ISM/*@:.%.T6-4@F@*S\FSXKF?@


OEI(QZ\@91+VM+`[+*R5IP(C/Y'PG*Z&)%

$WH][#9@F+=X0[YC


ARRHM\K7+


XCH7;.3]Z3
M!Y$VJVT*&6#9G5+NUNXS6XI@ZGJ;55.@OU-YKI3/3G4HSK^4Z?9[FDNH-NP3

MT?:MCN*62$B2VW/[BL
M$J@HA!F1C*0X@@!X=;(46P
J$G\V[^=T6Q_6[G@VFL[]
0.Z\RJK^B7%D*Z3
MO%=UD?U#)(:B^B!!&V0



MFW8]

MT!0\)-*\Z:^`P3B&/YT2J92Q/[M`X4094A4*H4E7T\$5QD)6)T3DBD04)D


9GM=KC60K

SAJ#EHL1Z
M\IM1X(^

&#&U-+MZQ!4&0AW$*$BN@2


NV!RJ(3ZZP[Q0V\!$N
41*J)+1(M1
M)-[9!F1
M]K`]+.(F0BW$*$BNE2T#T/J''*_454R';VJ;'@P;&^NSIKPF=MH



M2

)
MJ(2S&7\$Y%U1U-T7O$!_QKKY%P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`W=*\O[L


SA$73-;P79<=IK1R)IAS7H5RT;U)&-D_?0<2P?=L
%$7P`BBWK

M`+^(
W

M)*#^L![Y:;S(+]_!$CA%UN`MUGBUE&*/X-#`.]6`S1&

24S0Z4ODB8
M3)Q(2$\EO.W=@$L/W(SAY_DL_K7#Y';_XB@.9\HVT_4DS))\5'ZBT[+-)JW
M=1GP7-?LO6N'R5[5-5U_0U?V/[H

Q\,Y`




M0CPC]

MS=2;(U






PF





M5W1A.`D489]W'OPR-
_U:!)U($I5
)S-3AM1=%;S7.M[/\HRSH+[-=/D4+
;



M`/__`P!02P



U5+V:\\314U:



0
MX^+
/3[

#OG.G)!4^-O('



M`NWFH-!&W



MW#
)^_IX6\
Q3F`[\5T`5XS)\X
Z@8;S'X/M7P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`
M```A`/PBC+Y6`P``


.*%-8ON.9UNXR6A.FF-B__IY=[6T+2Y0DZ.*


K:@:^9
MO$6R!_TU


'S=4V7BRG!9G[B5321HC`KKVO$T/%6GZZF


MM%QDBH8]YD^:2($TU=-`J@4
3:NYIK?WF%STYAY3($W3-)!J`4

MU*'-#


M965T

M?
JNM($G!6OK3

!!+U?\SI8!^!IOSV5L`(

\3+KO<U]T*B:;2:






54*3688+++%(V0HMLG6#IE4S#NFF
0K)Z:I?#XD]V`8

?-)QMT-L
M/NS'X_ED][;XWYI`;YBOUDLIS




M)(YL4]I_O^N8I(G#5KJ7EAR.C^\Y]\9F=O]2Y

:N$QI1LK#
MW/SY([F;F`87J






7:=E`T_LE
M+!5)&9V&$\?3AGS5)83AV)UHA+A+F(1!QT+]EJS5]V_I)SJPT0&XG67E]1(5

MXQ%^K&&X6AP+R'M*1?
@-VA__BW^````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`=0L;
MOX


2YX;6R46-N.HS@0

IT0K]T)Z[C



MG'?F8F4M?6?!`&X\\;IYS(1+TTA?ZJ;
_Y
@UKF23MS.B0?L.SNS/'?I!S.\



M?-SUD6K5NCY&5J7K49

06D&BN'_5
M


)20F#QAM&
MM8GYB/5-Q*B*[&*P82$XB$YFD)DS*%
Z4-21U*J@G36K67NIYV/.!A!9
4
MTJ*0O%-&*428G#8.
56NW(7&3C4S[5KNK92I^R5Y:]%4D[4IJ$-U`P4YT-%@

DQX-52R
43RWXO*YTQ2Z-
?G1





MP4^^A^6\.O&(7RZUD98OXC&/P?P_K



ZZ?-E]?S?YKW?]:[YY<SI+L`CXQCUX_?J_JTA8BFJNT
)JVS2L8

M1ZU;D/.?X);18MSR!CUX(/B9
&&'KA;_V`R)N99NB6`ND$H@2





LH$I**0EI`E$S#=]$9MJ^


MF/



TF$'HIC+XE02BD):0)1
QD1FBYD`8\`


MMTI.JBM4E]87QY(=J2%'
'Y4O[^#V=






MLHV_H&.;-$]RD4]GI1%L]?R(;DS-]87EC^;M1R4-SK0U+=L=JQBFQGE&J?X\

4G#@E5$E(2T@2B9AK2'QY-

4(M--PY



M'=IR^
`3GD1UC:0P8@F2:\M@#KS[T3$G@SENN8DY&8QDG7

M:^\:@8CX^V.D13FP)+I&H$Y\))9UPC$&E[4ZAJ!6,.[45TC$&MX]ZAC)(-8
MP^L^'2,)S($-N6,DA3GPLFS7

0:WBMLFL$8@UO
G:
M)#`'/DKH&H$Y\!U`UPC$&MZS[QJ!6+M&E]=!`K%V6ZT8@5C#&]D=VF!*9W9@

MU]3WG1DSE^^0?S`I[L#OL^M[V
[D!1[










M\








M)U
[`4Q


M93R9__3^'YCIG\3F(]N
O






M?

=`;

MT5.5%[7/:(J986[(H7Y9B&
Z`S!67I.E&



6!C61:HUDB
6#V/EQVNI1O-VHJ\$
MX5S-^

2\I!




3JG/_@[ZW
M&Z#43%AB!=FYV*(R/*9C

.H
M9M0PVC+:


-HQJ
M1@VC+:
=HSVC@R!D+;KJM4]UEYWNK]




M'(^A#MJ
C6]6&I\)
+HD$Y)Y6.HRFF


8X8F?/3%:.J-*6#





XM\WG*KD=F+


MN`[[X$JM
&SMRMLQT').8O8/ZEAF4ZW(S:;KL!]JU*HWXE:L[/Y!'4O$O2(?
M


M8E16DI7XA94D[%PJ;1W^;1\ZYD_;!QVTC3J6B+4@62AOYK%
;M3'!HMIM%4C













M4*4^)[(V#Z$:E1FR451BU2'6+&[0&O7IB[55HQ)KIZC$V@MR*\XX/LX]J..)



MUHP:=MPRVK'CGM'!.?H9DXXIK**OFS'YL

6A3
Y_[!+83QY6(C1P%Y%&L=@

MTSOMR;%8K1A5C-:
-HQJ1@VC+:

MA3C:U9+1BE'%:
UHPZAFU##:
MHQVC

MC):
5HPJ1FM&&T8UHX;1EM&.T9[1P2&O'V[BE^B7S

M+1FM&%6
UHPVC&I&#:

:D8-HRVC
M':



M\1F5=O7G+]Y8C^/-3Y`[RIY?A7/@A5CU'V6K49F(*T85H[4B\V561:6MFE'C


MO.:.XJ_Q5=+N0


+M6HI-!*$



HK*


M\7-3._L95''K:T8;;JMFU#A'KP+2U$WMUV5@:B7

MLUV&E?YTG30EM=


M(=9U?%6_&8CEA4T5AA4V[BG/^J6=6ZEOS&9*D%M[^?1('?M365JWJ9R1I/+H

UJ
[(S.R&W
Z;?/*VT=N=P.NSW*D76T[8
F

-NQ8

PCT\S
S%;;8:F/39

MHRRW%X2ZK$(:77&)I

M:*VP*VD;XW50S?2

(#)S

]F0S


MNA+FDK1EG9W0)




1O(9K%RV:P!\NGO-?TD6*5MG\HM


M+J9=?IN+V*B^

MM66G+QL3/%N9_
$$)P81V]94'DA&#/E(OI,&2ROD&0M%.W@KPR'_.&'XFO

\GX5`1`DMW\4]I+?[%
M


MIR/0.YOIF2&_^ZH6:9*W5V3F3QB/5#;8\7CE2BS5AUN)
PNI'':2&*9L-I3*



P




_X93BSD
QTSC!NS4PR$X/ZQ*`^
:A/#.H3
M@_K$H#XQJ$\
ZA.#^L2@OF5!_52E6/6';G12_+B569A+9F)(9F*0DQCD)`8Y
MB4%.8I3&.0D!CF)04YBD),8Y+0LR)F*B4ODS,6'3]C,0L*&+2A6W];,)PQ
M*$P
A.#PL2@,#$H3`P*$X/Q*`P
2A

)BRSY8C9

_TE'G28L)&PH51:C8E82
MEAD4SB'
M@(*$X/Q*`P,2A,#`H3@\+$H#`Q*$P,EL6%$Y5Q@5+`HIQVBXH



B(H&1&$C`@Z1@09(X**$4'$



/-6NBBN*@Y/#
M@X4Q6Y7E$PMC1!CJB#N;?-F7*

8K

MQ:RP

`Q??[@P
MHJE(O&1$I:BT=YYI9OX1<_S5Y\5(S-*K`GV31P*4%V97ZND?X\:W9C&LXFHW
M.AW/D]7,S3**BG'-+$0-#W`PNN=$Q?*68F*X:6H&-Z.J/1+HQCD@:AAE%/M



6X%
M?N64D2J_*/5Q-)73`)0A[2(UCS_Z@Z'(9D.+9;8:*LVE
2W-9U.J&L1B:-_3



@



0@



M&!0F!H6)06%B4)@8%8&A8E!86)0F!@4)@:%+0L*IT+J$H6E\'(*W
)2PQR





.?S=)GQS-Q^FR2^H*WN+K:G*2^Y.J?




GQ4BR_*[N

J.-*\*O$[R
MZR3&9+7T!?HM^

#G;?^A/X


M!LQUP
!UQ0C@H#HJ`QJIRL[L%-VI76I7(?`ODQZ79[CXP#0R6`?
S^T.$`



M7S0_6J/]WF&]2%Z.994][R'N[\XX6RO;[1_$_*%85V5=;IL!F!N*@=*8Y\/Y


0#6VQ^



27TN9)95Q;(F5DN#U
MS
WZ&`08A!A$&

M$&(081!CD&0&L!*!*QC*Q'G=R%5UP:R@F


?`P#$(,(@QB#!(,4@-8\?$^Q0I0-T#WMHVNV+]NBQA

:*Y#U\C8P]`6YDNA\4AT/B




PLC


B#0[S;/QR\\%:.5+R^HJ60
MN:*E=7$2L?G4':%E%BK34##=`.BYW_E7V8R5GO:62*3V#V\V=LEV*0U=\&8G
MES?F=R17]O&Z+I:.0/;J=5'9KZ34C=4K3%FK5R)SZB8XXE!:MU8PFZ(M.])C

8^HL4M5/)<\6KEG^/GK^F-$
M*VXG62%C#]7H\GKVI9Q8084A=J42DQ$44P5$XI22]'.`G]^^<\5R+@5E!R!
M/'



M0%%(44113%%46HA.PV\2[\C#;*I-PYI)I'Q/I`BGZ*`HIBB**8HH2BU$)V
MS+[6S'S,Y--!H#O_+F/;SMX;0B$J@(_/TM%D-)5T2DJ%%ID**(HIBBA*+4




MU=;6GK//CJ
DKK&ME.5










12`HD`Y(#*840H@-9`&2`ND
MLXD37G7$M'=(_GQ4TFX

U3'F@B#V
MXFX4&5EYARA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+J'.3&3^W'SQ^UZN0GLEC93CN

M44



M4C7P44A&
6$A

E;D


IF3(LHT
MHL3F)2@W:%I[@:I*1)51Q=IK@Z:U-ZBJ1=0957*M#.6)^DUCK]?B=H9&




GW^



M

AH;Q%U#G)'A2I)V!L:_U(6#A4




D6D)_[[W'/
%:S+[SE*8#Q9K
4%5
MW&ABV]E/(?4YYAO69
RWKOG5/%Z*K.RXT81Y-P4H3YP4.#%5*'$Q96MD+Y0C

@OE&;XWJ*I%U#G:W:C3



[06J*A%5J+TV:-KW

MG(B?KA58$VFDD95_B!)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:+.06[\U#'^_F1*I]R
M_&ID3L!;(`F0%$@&)`=2`F!5$!J(`V0%DAG$S=D\LS^IBUAA$=Y1J8@M464
1'M<=D3CD0*?RT:#%!W#V*E$(ZHFF(9XJ-%2_&3M


YC



AJ04WB-UR*QMEK*F1B'AG:9E74-


S62:
S&29:L0+P7*]%GHR

-8R
L=8U%@3K62#3GEM-


9


M11






2Q%E&3TRA
M2ERLEP
:OM.]W[=N%X`21FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VBSD%._.++ZAB]N!L_





^GMA^+M11DWFCCP


M6%VXO*FW.RUN'.O1FJ#





]@ZPRPI

MPO'\V'R[7-[M=ON\?4L.FW

Z;!O=SN=



/

*(@T^H.E-(VW4
#X+^-PTY-#1B1S:_L]V/W


M[CZ_;U2U-VREC$4D3W]95CZK*E!.E

MV(RE#;.8H(6J54IVRL&



MLZY8^5M3[P!:G

M:`
/2[H[!EY9ZP.?DW[Y3)YP







:1\%)W#38LV5!CF0ELKVD-J\3XZ(5G41NR9;-ZS)D2+R
M3@<R8$A^&#B@&I\^R;K7$PNM:'TN003[IZYI

M






2C5

[SJH@;]#0AM/W&OMN!UJ4;8$S

S/-_C_(Q(X/NBH@O*2IA?\!X1NE__'Q=/?````__\#

O


M_R#\IX_OOWS^^OF7;V\4[FW94%[S\]OGMXKTYQ]^_J@K*&[[JR\??OGQ]?^T
M_G2\;=V\?OOG'U[NT/;CAW]^#?[]ZNNOG_\Y^/+QY_''WS_H=JNCBB[XR^?/
M?RM







M4S!*P3@%DQ1



2R45+Y15R*:Q?Y&*=_)
CK6H&Z8!T
M07H@?9`!R!`D`\E!1B!CD`G(%&0&

%Z8'T008@0Y`






MERT7/Q4UKT(VX3PU*55CZA/-`:$F5$.=&(:$PT(9H2S8CF1`NB)=&*:$VT


@3)



MSUN9*/I$`Z(A44:4.Z266O@1T=@[^NMIWS['39UX*XLU)9H1S8D61$N'RJ;&

M0SBL;Q^3L=(KWOR09A[;+W*XNWF\2^:0OK-XT);@9+*!
U*+[#8-S:\Q?Q;G


_2
MPIQ('\NOJ$A=(;^R@!7-


'JKVX.E<X794HF:Z2J^\4[WE)






RS-



_+S\-!08_XLSE]3+\HM3E/^D1GY




9T
MG!!-Z3@CFM-Q0;2

M*/*B49$8Z()T91H1C0G6A`MB59$:Z(-T99H1[0G.A`=(Q1KIA^ANO-&8VX

Z(YT8)H2;0B6A-MB+9$
M.Z(]T8'H&*%8(T7!\PJ-E/71L*!V6R)_!-\!Z8+T0/H@`Y`A2`:2@XQ`QB`3

M1C0G6A`M'2J;&G7V75J!_*[.?HD2UY0




BZA;67UM9+)LMUW%L5;W54<


=MB:59A(\*]

X2
M]8CZ1`.B(5%&E!.-B
9$$Z(IT8QH3K0@6A*MB-9$&Z(MT8YH3W0@.D8HEHVF
MA&MD4Y@G@]JAX%C^'JA+U/J$PV(AD0944XT(AH338BF1#.B.=&:$FT(EH3


MA&*-Z#GVFGFD


M$`V)
.<VPN&#FC
P4CLPHK%BW]LU*3P[5?)`J:^!;9;=J:'[^:8S%;$AR)R
MLPH3AB61EPK5B!G'YAC.7BR3\PJ;D0R:4S-JK$1
S9B;HZ-C5B85=2(QZ3V




MA5G%C4B/

MCSX@&M(Q(\KI.(:TW%-*7CC&A.QP71
G*




=&$:$HT(YH3+8B61NB-=&&:$NT(]H3'8B.$8HUDM9)
MSVB$!=$'A\)Y!*A+JQY1GVA`-3*B'*B$=&8:$(T)9H1S8D61$NB%=&::$.T
M)=H1[8D.1


I





:

MGDJCX
REYT(%J
_H`X]\%Z4B'3)41I3[4-9#(X].1Q\SU(1HZD-9]!G1G(X+







M*-%_\KIZI_A;\MJVG=%_:23]V\CM.3\G]E;-=Z
YB^(-YH:;?4'ZH47RZ;
D



M:$.T)=H1[8D.1

028@4Y`9R!QD`;($68&L038@6Y`=R![D`'(
22R%

\R(


M4Z:5&?E
:T




M?
DJUQ;K\_
=^4WT7*

&?

M$N[



]=0/0
5&ZWTJR5R^W53II&_6
LT

_0Z=R[3JC\`/_
M1'T?RJ0V(!K2




M)2P`GIE:R@.7\%.SR5*II;DV*7CK?S44CD:ZM&J3S0@&A)E1#G1B&A,-&:

MT9QH0;0D6A&MB39$6Z(=T9[H0'2
42;ULUUQ?72/MZW5,Q/)9T:UJUAO1K6
MKV&#&C:L85D-RVO8J(:-:]BDADUKV*R&S6O8HH8M:]BJAJUKV*:&;6O8KH;M
M:]BAAAUCEL@GK;(W[VA:-ZRG&TOV-,FK%)4Z2JS:N:I85(4[*0H
D*3(H
MDZ+`I@P*0I,B@*3HLD*#`IDR*`I.BP*0H,D*3(HDZ+`I@P*0I
B@*3

F^8!)/F2
M#YCD`R;Y@$D^8)(/F.0#)OF`23Y@D@^8Y`,F^8!)/F2#YCD`R;Y@$D^8))/

\@&3?
`D'S#)!TSR
M`9-\P0?,,D'3/(!DWS`)!\PR0=,\@&3?,`D'S#)!TSR`9-\0I;(Y[HL3[V
M@#).Q?Q

\@&3?


BJ29%$DV*I)D423(IDF)2)
&D

M

MM`8FL8%);24+/DDNN8%);Y6OOU'\AH#`S&Z!1%BY&I
*P21#
.D03$($DQ+!
M)$4P:1%



M%SVIT&F.KPLNO2)2-(GF/19^;KHR9V16BL+BRZU(I+4B:U5K[U=T;:K2PL




M


-U9#YH*D&C%(JA&#I!HQ



MV]:P70W;U[!##3O&+%%44?:^8C9NE67R:#8V%E:7R0?Y^OM)!\PR0=,\@&3
M?,`D'S#)!TSR`9-\P0?

D'3/(!DWS`%C5
\H&=Y`
F^8!)/F2#YCD`R;Y
M@$D^8))/R!+Y%&7O:^3CRN3AT8BT5+QW%M2L-?N`23Y@D@^8Y`,F^8!)/F2

`D'S#)!TSR`9-\P0?
M,,DG9(E\BK+W-?(IR^2*:(O23ZV68WY6D7S`)!\PR0=,\@&3?,`D'S#)!TSR
M`9-\P0?

D'3/(!DWS`)!\PR0=
\@&3?

M38JDF11)

MH$0E1=4[5

$DR\JWOH(K
MD586%ETB122)%$PBK7Q==-2VO85%ESX12?H$DS[3Z

&63=)&
M-HG9

='

E0Q-]E=[TJM&!9)K:2^:2)6+5Z'`N

@P/)-#B:DFED7)!
`P/)-#03`.C2N;O4TTIVUR;KEC`TDU.I!4
MH^.2I!HCSK4IJ88(DFJ((*F&R5)-52:DR8CI:A[7S-27)T\6DM*EIR3XAA(
MV[BP'1N+2FMXK7$
17`JJ&`+M:XLQ4Z*C,:D9,U8Q@Q"I1DR5M/9$1F/F
M@G0:,TBG,8-T&C/-Z31J+DBG48-T&C5(IU%3I?/WK=4B\H%235JD%2C!DDU


D'3/(!DWS`)!\PR0=
M\@&3?

33C5\OETD[QLI`FI
M,K/U4XHDZ+`I@P*0I,B@*3HLD*#`IDR*`I.BP*0H,D*3(HDZ+`I@P
M*0I
B@*3HLD*#`IDR*`I.BP*2HD6**NK]URC*G0]$$U)X9N`J8;=@D@^8
MY`,F^8!)/F2#YCD`R;Y@$D^8)(/F.0#)OF`23Y@D@^8Y`

F

M`R;Y@$D^8)(/F.0#)OF`23Y@D@^8Y`





SLS5)U5


D'3/(!DWS`)!\PR0=
\@&3?
`D'S#)!TSR`9-\P0?
M,,D'3/()62*?HBQSC7Q

D'3/(!DWS`)!\PR0=
\@&3
M?
`D'S#)!TSR`9-\P0?,,D'3/(!DWS`)!\PR0=,\@&3?,`D'S#)!TSR5DB


?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]A




M_CP)W5






\CQ!#MNS
ZA:)];^LM2@C%Z5.'I5&!TIC&X31B<)HY.$T2/
!^Q#P#[VS'V&[1+L
M$'W2)5MW$%]GUEYG*4
?B4


(P2AE',$H81@G#*&$8)0RCA&&4,(P2AE'
$H81@G#
M*&$8)0RCA&&4
(P2AE',$H81@G#*&$8U3)GE%W='F*4Q?N3OLRZ4D8^@A#
M'V'H(PQ]A*&/

M(PQ]A*&/


H81@E#*.$

MA*&/

M':)/6DOJ]4G

B$)PRAA&4,HX1AE#
$H91PC!*&$8)PRAA
M&4,HX1AE#
$H91PC!*&$8)PRAA&4,HX1AE#

MJ
RZ4D8$Y(P]!&&/L+01QCZ$


:]L.RA[%+#'
M`7L2L






F3&G\D6D$&V9.2%


5M+.V3D

M\7
D9BS(`#



G


MDZ/:
Z_


FLX@]'DN`-Q%R0!F)*&HBY)`W$G$_#B6E+KJV8





JC`&51A#*(PA%


?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82A
MCS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ

?82ACS#T$88^PMG94X?#HL'Z6/Q_B3V+C6


M'PW[CD(W&OY4X



CU1=NP?1D:
7

M$@2J+






)LARV9WK


6GC2

M%:_B.Y

MDJQP
85Q.)M86BWUS.6$J@MR0M4E.6%OS:D99O^-*83.M4UDYF8R6X=M+S6\


MIU\6^.7?7W___(_+^[_]ME-B[S.%F[2*VRTY9&8/#]2):;-R)^E(D38EK'0!
M@A[%#`4D#@4$,:`V/`A3'@PAAP80RO
(97&

KC.$5QF`*8S%,9C7@7L

.
U

%Z,,?82ACS#T
M$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ

?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82ACS#T$88^
MPM!'&/H(0Y^6.7ULP?0/FJO2VFL_5R76SU7'[L4AR%;#FKE*&+()0S9AR8
MV80AFS!D$X9LPI!-&+()0S9AR8,V80AFS!D$X9LPI!-&+()0S9AR8
V80A
MFS!D:YF3S19G6]GVS55I


?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/JTS.EC2ZV'
MZ).69GM]$N/QKC+3,/L(0Q]AZ

?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82A
MCS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ

?82ACS#T$88^PMG94X?6R4]1)^\JMI=?676
MZ2,,?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ


M=C;@+T+V/N`?0C8QYXYHVR1](`)Z3POJK834F'MA*0,??*V8QSZ$




H

M;$WS$*/R&FAG5&;C1
/Q3!@3DC#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82ACS#T$88^
MPM!'&/H(0Q]AZ

?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ-
RIX^MHAZB3UIU[:[/
MSO-*[*@4^@A#'V'H(PQ]A*&/


/01AC[T*=E3A];I3Q$G[RJ.:KR8#AO5SIWSR&A
MCS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ

?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82ACS#T
M$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ


1


[\VRX?EX!R7RZ
MNVL473,9=5FCQ@2NLL)#

MEZC6[LJ2W6=K-Y)T=VI\_DM*)6HV`;H[US4^54)W9Y82&/QX/ZT!$Q\OU]UV









H81@E#*.$890P



M4=G:MEO'VYW8=FDA2?KEQ

^DY'XQX'CVE[_AM

/QDK:EN%M:WHT57HP1IYTLNQ
MO=MKM(]G$9N4XSF9!

E[M-%SP+J=H.]ZW-%SP@J6HC

M@G^B


O

M4=EV&$[8/V[VJ8.W5O8A+F



(KR$LKNXK+KJV

_0O+

E56++=
'7R%B?=YI:2#V')=D


M%WJ/P&N^2DJNPY)J2


*E60JED3Q?*H]7NR'*O&MER2
IEY^VT0

-M]OOU[=[K]_<L___'IY^'XQ^EYMSO?0(2W



N(UE6BS00M0P$79)P8HGX(U
M!0$%(041!3$%04I!1D%.04%!24%50O<P_`T8P33Y/\Q1B*

:`=#^)



M!(R$C$2
Q(PDC*2
9(SDC!2



M.FR

'3$`L6
)(U73^BT

U(T7CVAR\8(0U?M0

M&*BO`3D:Z084B'H;4)(&S.?NB#P@*PQTH0%F#HI7[@$Y*-_0C1R4:`S/G&;`








3!JQ33;@T25WU8P%CT2D[K!5
MLG+LKSO*2



MCRR)9JWS)K&V`:L66G*TXLCG:

HYRC@J.2HXJ`YEC




5@<P9W<]9`B%.:G6$AFOK^R@40R=

M-&EJ.W3;


9E.7U/$
0(G?KD8RV/)2U!/RV6FF+.
MV+;)B4:&3GUB.1<KT$^+E:88:$W):J=IPMB9A;!RF9(%@ESDD42&;7-G;`T

MNJ1H)A7

M07*S%XWZU`

GPZ;V*N9H

MIU.REO#1J3V'V




E13.I(/.&))4P)TDE$:E-I((L'&GU06V2

MUZ8KQ'(N5BC4NK.2B?':U]FIE'G#K-;?TRE8_=1?S+%X9O*LWJ[PNI%RP+





M^;T8DC0?*$F5KNI6:9.F:1_/CKF`58R1[33MO]\U)HPL_4A?`%^.S[GGWHM9
M7CVJBCR`L5+7*YI$









MKSAO__'T^V\/[VGV/7^-XZ)%'D[Y8_NU*

=0==<G3T\


M]4Q5



A&10UKH.LP?T3:*F
NK,F0A1+;H(7`0S!!Z.8(%`A]!((!3
MS?&FY$:3E6+2E-QH$=8M+





\T$.@S#03Z3%
$EO;Q'T`C&V::\'#-RA68-

`WLI:\(]8$ROW.P+A
\'UGRJ\/<D<1-.4.'I0I&;J(_21\U1!4_(HCVA*'D70E#QU`34!VABH




MIH7\@Q[=O?P7CJ=_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`8











M



M+(+:QEWXQ(&+WAGZ*`^?K2$5G1['YC@
/N]S#+9E



BLN0R362D+DN5`;4A!1
M$%.04)!2D%&0&V`
86EC`QOB_Q$;H4;$1GFU4D`'R[5#M582:DA(041!3$%
M04I!1D%N`L0L
&M0%RO3BH7A#2D$RCK208IY$.^&T(T#*U0&P=&(D9B1A)&
M4D8R1G*36.&`LG5'.(1T$P[EQ`I)\UAI\GS-2
A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2&X2RU$H

.WP7TK;O

G?;^K9F)&0D8B1F)&$D



X/]

HURK`NUV7!K;C\6FX*+:0^2.1#
6]S

ME*$JK&*.#^^[2!G+E;6.*=EK)=IK

G.[




M5%V








MD9WN$Y;N.+`_W5%(YUN$VC'=9S./K0.Z5O:!+7T;K946GKF6T=KK*0MB%7


[)E8Z7(G)/Q

MN:VDH`QV5VT4




M!_XK?+Z$W\.O\&`)/Q]?X0X

F_
M@0/J


M]B7D`5RP@\NV!=QMFXS@&?):EK7Z0QAHK^\^_0T``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`


MM)'`&*'7#B

M&05ZO6PDRLCV%NGU?2
MC`*]7C;2B*)



M'Y34:R-SAS(C+K&T$BJ#E=E(@EB1()4@DR7()@E*2H):@L8#`W+MR;\4
M!_\/_RHSRK_6

ZD
M#&'.[%[_;4PJ:0IK


G]/0M;/$9`82`(D!9(!R8$40$H@%9`:2.
3
MYD
Z:US@0R7-?6B(%W1`(B`QD`1(B0#D@,I@)1`*B`UD,8GS&%TUKK`84J:
M.TR367M,;W?7)9`(2`PD`9(R8#D0`H@)9`*2`VD\0ESF*K^_*--_VZAI+G#
M#/$B#$@$)`:2`$F!9$!R(`60$D@%I`;2^(0YC#;!QRFI+G#-!F?#BE+2()


Q?07




MVI]NR?H]LWJ]-Y`;*7L#B\5D(5*BL(8Z5@)UCN^;A]]WK[06=A[7_2U'F1&+
MK4$NCI9J2552%'0GAV*4:J'0+7^QT?-0XDQ9;Z6(
E3
$15
D45I((N9_EQM


0]Y\Z\E_@/U




470Y&ZOHC^@_(YO6\+(ZN!7G19M!/`T78@=9&JG^
M-#1?AI:1&7@*1SH#0S1?;52?B#[CZRST=W#*1NMHDN:W(^HDB=PDKY(^*T

MWB2V0B[`8X/
;CD:3T0[);$Z?FQ[.XR99W/;+IDRJ^?&R@VB!4
=.V?P]J)5



E3

_^

Q0ZQ-(HD92
\0A0C2AEB#)$.:(48FH0E0C:ACBWE;=
M!7^3/[
YZ&:$?R0/#?(:GH@B1#&B!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6BAB'N/U6N^_Y3
MT1I
/A*MIO!W:]]=J)&(5EGM.D7K2=%BV*42AEB#)$.:(48FH0E0C:ACB
MWE:%K^_M,]&JZV06K0;YT0HH@'%B!)$*:(





M:BL?N*)^%:MU(%P)[.]ER2OC\8TZ4%.$PI4)76G?RH4K4[K2OGT+5V9TI7UK
M!Z[


`


M:&5E=#$T+GAM;*R=VW(C.8Z&[R=BWL'A^[$M*279CJJ::O/I]C8F-V]=MFJ
M*D?;EL-2=76__8))(D'B5Z8DS]RTNCX!(`F(




M132=+Z\[(R.M1TZ17IWBC30^HD==ZX9

@T*#4H-*@UJ#1H/7`);FV]R]%Q7_
MO\:
\2][YHZ!.'RJG


I@)1`*B`UD`9(ZY/`


\P6%&.G28)9$$F`:Q!HD&J0:9

M;*R$SNL




+OA



I


)4[/0ZF8XF#(
M$.6H6`J4;$2--S3&DTUB%HQ13T-?4S3'/CX8\O6%';O$7BP96Y\C9X_G+
MDF()DY-2`HD$]


_VI8
M2FR5BI&`Q'J

:336(6C&E-XFIJ8?]=7'`


I($48HH8^1E&T9BJT!4(JH8

M[P&U
RM2MW757MP=4+BX@1(B03T[(X;)_$4`%J)9!*#`WWL68A;RMW:.[/
M


07;`DU$X../+0AC12T(BY;R`8B525/F0$
O(]'O

!R__G-1H`K/=#







M+!5J%@)&NYIC:8:1*V8TAO6S)2P__8ZZPHUQO#G\_]PYV3&L^C+1[5((H
M190Q\E(D([%5(H158P&HM1F/R?D9?S&H;'LQUK'9#^*OW!RQD\3G;B:!6.!
AE!L4ZQFBW%/L4!4HF(E:+BG-9IJ$+5BA:`+O</
ELZ\+
.B6%?TN^(
.IU]??!Q8Y'C!


TEB%(QQ5(9



C/

]98Q4)C@ZU92)IOPN:CJPG]77#XB+]EK8'VPZFE


MA[/


S664KFU@2QC

9?4+#3:HR;LT=[$RX8&NA2N/5J@HW%Q

M-8A:
05K\K1;EPAO71P*_]QVH?]X1Z38HS&B!%&**$.4(RH0E8@J1#6B!E$;






M*J;8*1FB'!4+1&6@&'I!%Q0?VE+



I`

M$SC%\?7HA&2%)

M\N
0%`N6$L4R0*%C=-UQP#%88
PMJ-OJ:J%E9,:_ZP/TDL)`ZIZ%
I.F7%









M;DZ

MUL_/V[.'S4_SBSWT=]A?/O78_IS0W6)Q:](TQ12\LZ1WNA
YO'--[W3?^@#O


SH)Z8H)=!/Y]!/B:WI:YFOS$/V;YO-CO]!
M#5_V/T[VY?\%````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`8G=%198%``J%@``&```








[X9;Z]2'H1KABH2(XG
M:C;S;93_4(SSHV
L_&*JICQ2-`AQIS.5$-\ADL@BQ/%ME.[TNH:2+#@JY61=



M03A1Z
@-!$?:'AB(!H!__WT4'HO!ZYE




-9BDAX1
P$1'+Z!I-


M'4H52/7-6Q[DF_=[C]Y+B
Y)=80V6``7:-V:5EFH^P@OK
%1I$.Q#B4ZQ*_L

%'CE+N(O0WY`X2[AOT/%G
H



M

M%W17V^]J_YF+LK)PVE
HR-6UR(\9-PP
!9IHY&4P58
`^$52N
X`0^C!_^]%



MUR7?\+HVB*F=FQ8)D/31

C6



`4$L#!!0`

M5:PD69G)D:B7=CLJ


9/DZ/\[?S


M\T
?]\]_[C]J6VW;3ZX'OC3-5T?]X]E!-GC)HE7;`_\\SI[KE^VW]_._FA^F





APDQS@KS%%CG#7FZ#%.CCEFC+/I.4M;U+ZR=LS2RB9V%H[/GZZ0
M+H@6





M?7

M)(M1#-$

2&=3I#,GD8V]?\'Y


&ZG
68KLL;$M2;*35+PI-\
M;\:K;

(]`\;2<2WJE@[<0P%4#R

Z=D(*(M7N@

T0TR(8)G.M4R7
MZ3T.DIF2;BJ$)WF9:1RE&\(H@3$


M0^HE68QBB&:(1&LDYBV*SI'G%I-L(B]B30$&]20BB!
!2B8HB\ED2Q$
T0

MK%KL79A=@OLCAF!G;B`-HDJ&5`R1#%$
T0PQ(8)TN4?UTWNS99
=EYVY@02]
MF:\2ZI5*8`S**X9(ABB&:$#^^DHFC
&ZB;^Z/(J3$5^54E\%I'[NQN0A2PF$
M4#8U7I)Q%$

MO-[DY(RC$2/.Z--`@]K3*!C#N%PWN;IDQ-51
U


(8MBB&:(
M1&LESBZB7K'G!W;%4)G%T?T'8LRH3:N8HADB`($Q@3+JEF$1&LG?BZB=J]
6#*D`\8-BL8[M
MU;D$2*+40S1##$A@G42'W=%YXAY8X?QU)-`@[#/?;&$$@A#(2J&R&M)%`O1
M##$A@E4[2Q08^BNJO8&RLOHARH^E*759)4




VN6QD8V8-/K2=P&DH2`E0RI`_/B)

T0TR(8*4WF;3



LQ7(E[^ZT





3I=.;?KV0R
4DGC=.7F5;Z1'^D

M(AK

M34XGR_=VWVS^!R%IL(1B
VL


2LB9\

/\_'A0J;J;_P@Q72*F`DQ8
M$CV&(]P!$0
8S7K2



M64%H.#U12ZNX+PUEH_^ZPQ8@G-E!%:`C.+NH%^/9@;IP=B(VE0(094=%226A

M



M(YSW(5.@M;XC/A_Y*
Z:&









T+S$'UV%:D


M+

AC..J23=*_'E=%KP*

:
MT4(9R:4)I`.@/PL#
MZQTG@A
7^G:!^`E=DV6_2@$$S*PE5\N8`K0_&_1[-CXUY#C


]5








M&W!+JF_X\[79#8?-
LGNUEF6YNLTCS5_?YD3F7B^U+/[2G?Q5*Z%PJ2ZRS
MP
\Q2WZ7%5$BH.A


?OCZ*LGA8?85;M]68CPH#?[YAKH@5%+U6AFK^E2585I;W5E[*
M1Q68EHG=99*0
A(
:+.8#MEDA-2O

Q
I`P/8!O`0Z+)3E`A!P^'


$F0UA%M5M
A6R-)

MDRI(YIDUE(W5.8Z24)4C^B235E([6$/7C1.;SA$SLA_X8,EO###))D!$@
MFE#BC`A1G#;T!!-



SM3U@#)DM8B:Q
M-



M/4/(=@'

M6



MR'F!B(@9X*3C]?!12VDA;0UFGY@90412V@'
))P65#'7#B3V

%K0=5SPQGE!AQ5X^+1P'AUT
M^@`SW@AXC(3L+X23^ZACCOV%1_XFFQ?GT'P]_RVH&`\+3CZ=7F.F<)AY1TB'
M#Q`.PBDQUA+P#`EYO6]CAB/#QK
7):0
5./D







YX;6RL
MW5N3VS:^K^'[7;6_@\OWRVZU^IA*LDHM\4R=S[KS.)W$-;$[Y78F,]]^_R$










A9=Y+W-K

MXM_

(1/(

M((
!B:
ZX+`.O''U0B47PUZHU$7:Y?4[X3


M0Q:0)60%64



MR!*R@JPA&\@6LH/L(0?(8$!Z(`U)WKAZH9);P3-I4K[H6HDF+SN@\FK+=1.
M7I`$DD(R2`XI(6D@M20


H!V+^TDSY
Q?I!$I(:6DC)23E))JD@U:4R:D*:D&6E.6I6

CZ%:\CTCALT*L:SDFD8\J%5=__08DD:D
MA)22
E).*D@EJ2+5I#%I0IJ29J0Y:4%:DE:D-6E#VI)VI#WI0)+

M@


M?$8
]:*S&T.L0P_5YWO\V7!$2D@I*2/EI()4DBI231J3)J0I:4::DQ:D)6E%
M6I

M'`92



6\S.G%HK/
MR%RSKNS-<^U2L_/8].8RO+MM2]E+/%B/L2J)DA[ZY22
E).*D@EJ2+5I#%I


MYMQR7N;4EQ[.R-RQN/\`PY]AQB21J2$E)(R4DXJ26I(M6D

M(`DDA620'%)`2D@%J5WQNT
M=[K3?O


+87=H1GI




M7MX&



_`NK6







8](



N/U?EEO
SIU86W*O*5]YNFX4(=ZGE2I
]%X:D$2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ
0PA(T@22$9)(<4D!)206K(&#*!3$SR!RR@PA*\@:





\D3A.B?V
M#ETB3FOSY)1K`W4\3C_E:K'NC)2KXL'*04-!RL.U]RM=RO;TR)\8J-S%RR%
M)[:4Z9V4E)%R4D$J#=EV5:1:4Y`8EGS`TGAKQCO`^F@*DM98YQ1IJ3%J0E
M:67('N.:M-$4'&
PCEMNN#/D'V.PX=Z6


S(JU7L6U^'ZX:\B*MR7;K


6&.T/^
08;

M`
P1C$PI^W

DT=L]3$D&W]E#0CS4D+TI*T
M
F1;OR9M-/E?5[L/SJTM-]P9\C[-$&ZXMZ5


#Z6L*R/E=D.W






&UW:-IQ$93










E)
*4DFJ2#5I
VTSA(P@22%9)`<4D!*2`6I7?&[0Y:YSND.53SHCH:\C^[U+X)/
M;@UO=GWNBB\/AOI0MYSW?Y%\/&Y)2J4E-(W@/;Z[!^^`
0F2UEEF-R4D$J

YP%PF

3.UNQGK

Q
_(76C-W2'

\

G-AFXIMT_UN)YP-*6IRK:A
=WG2?'6OQNUJ36U-O\\8&4
M+M4]_YE]G8\



M(M6D


MY\10%0^N:#2Y4Q]HI/XZEMK0EDI(*2DCY:25)(J4DT:DR:D*6E&FI,6I5I
M15J3-J0M:4?:DPXDR1Q&33)'&T;


M@908TB(#+E.?6\Z/H5J#.R.&JG@P]6FRD]KP%C0B):24E)%R4D$J216I)HU)





MYJ0%:4E:D=:D#6E+VI'VI`-I


_]A[:4G?J:NF1#0PE+I:2
E)
*4DFJ

MCK0G'4B2.0RD9(XVC)@_XG[FU

N





M!6E)6I'6I`UI2]J1]J0#23*'@93
T2(#+IESR_F94RO09V2N6;#VIKZ&@JDO

)2*2DCY:25)(J4DT:DR:D*6E&FI,6I5I15J3-J0M:4?:


:D!6E)6I'6I`UI2]J1]J0#2=[K,)#


-8L@WM37


.(^2/N9:YW


8O@0PV$
@RP$D3QOB:UWP36VUIR9
&+2
M#S821A$DF81!(FD81))&$229A$$B:1A$DD81))F$02)I&$221A$DF81!(F
MD81))&$229A$$B:1A$DD81))F(HD42))E$@2@RP$D3QO!:YWP24X8\X:'$D:
_GM?8]XO?/7[X:?W3;'N94]3JONW0R5C33O4GR]M

/3DCL=#$YSYQBP4?+I*N;8M(TTVG2U7I3-^SXT3#I[VA#@B5?&8)(



MRV:_%X1?NDUOZF83O^4G/=FVP^E)[%5Z



S)SFDW==(8[R)QFV(XT6]J=

[NWFG0V^H.PPWW=WUDHM?3-RKN+*PMR'QP'R4S3+/I
M:YEO2OF9UR;Q:D^JV`RCBTFWM,4BF6^;X0P=BJ#<


M#):Z#7'3&P[6:;^SW.OIVQDOU=J\5+=FNRD\GR7532GG-Y-E'&#2Z6UM3JIA
MTL/85KH3)JEVMPTZ2MUOA!UUTW^G?GCOM3.^N561J=VT\J$G/S^M(NI_#.LJ
MB(O
K_HNQQW

MC.YV!


MA$FWP:2/8%7$ZHB-(S:)V#1BLXC-([:(V#)BJXBM([:)V#9BNXCM(W:(F#PH

MF$02)I&$221A$DF81!(FD81))&$229A$$B:1A$DD81))F$02)I&$221A$DF8



M(@F32
(DDC))$PB9-(PB22
(DD3()DTC))(PB21
(@F32
(DDC))$PB
M9-(PB22
(DD3()4Y$D2B2)L2BH2+HE@TBJE9IS(JE7=MPK3O573^5].Y@X
ML=9MBSD39[NI,4DI3%(*DY3)*4P22E
4@J3E
(DI3!)*4Q2I.4PB2E,$DI
M3%(*DY3)*4P22E
4@J3E
(DI3!)*4Q2E,I)4I*B9)2HJ34Q2E:BGKG)0V


M9-(PB22,(DD3()DTC))(PB21,(@F32,(DDC))$PB5.1)$HDB1))8I%


M!:8V_Y'Q-3X7I8NIZXWV@PCA88YZNI3WD1QM\K?KU?DH:U^7-\$'?M)V.UEQ

M==;:A

=.&BS[:
M
#%E.MLP-:4ZVS`SI9PVS(TY;;@(3O&%*?-2&X($JI5



7=+'$
M[X0F2/Q.:(+$#TV0^'E-N.[=7`2+TI*^[B8$Z5

$D!3(8=)H

DR&%

(DD3()DTC))(PB21
(@F32
(D
MDC))$PB9-(PB22
(DD3()DTC))(PB21
(@F32
)4)(D22:)$DAADH8GD
M^^??'Q^_C3Y\^_#SCY\?O_[V.'S\XX_G-Q^?_OJB%AKD;L7Q-U\??_WIK3H)


MV4Z^\GU\
7Z
/;5#]0FPV)8]M4LU()$7[]2&\JO(L9?49O+CM9&7[E5#Y;=(

([-7CRMV9B+ZFA
MDS__$7M)#9S\E8;82ZJ%\O/XL9=4^57S


CV=
K*KC
M3!5Y0=X5;G\X+OJRQ6KU]H?C6BI?D^WNU':QC*BE/[5=[#6UP/7_V#K#W@1A




MO%/7#7\'B
_93]=_CC=`BU\```#__P











M#2H-:@T:#5H-.@UZ#08/O/WC#ZBF?3_PT=&C?$1C^X'!N*TM7((2W52(-8
M@T2#5(-



4&OT!)`:2`$F!9$!R(`60$D@%I`;2`&F!=$!Z((-/`O?0

9`$2`HD`Y(#*840H@-9`&2`ND`](#



M&XR\*8(H0A0C2AEB#)$.:(48FH0E0C:AUB#I$/:(A0*$OS,E0G])_:F-E
MKG;4I''(7+!X6ZN-VEJ)U#AM$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J$-6(&D0MH@Y1CV@(





M@$)?F./D!;ZPI\]@JK@#J;CG8)[_F$D@*$(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH0
MM8@Z1#VB(4A+\P)\P)?N`.IC/('\[PKC/@#H@A1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1
MC:A!U+J$/6(A@%OC#'R`M\84^=P;RP:#MNM@XK32(@
9`$2`HD`Y(#*84
M0J?!

J*;<24_A#8;%?TY2\FT+QB)
MM5)96RUV:I977.F4M=!/YAA[@9_LJ=?/Z6N+UQ2/PLY.*E79I%3Y7M@LU.C

M]9JMT&7F`'R!R]QYV9]:%H53:P]3RU7TO8%3RPKMS8+V]WNE(EZ?H2)A(0GR

MOT7A\XV]BIB#F4CF.%!%B&*$26(4D09HAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D0=HA[1$*#0


B#3X*AW^@C

M%RE67S`2]:4@::KN3\5LP9KD6*##2,QV`HZ;;!CH=@.COT(L4&!T9'@V$T
M7';#L

0O7JFB
7*59?
!+U



M^H:1J&\1=8QD)'I$`Z
)1YIC]?F[^8T]A?N7%XSDB'@0=#K;1$YH1SM_2=?7
MZI`6BQ0/3+:&:6(,H?VLH+GB`JL6`J2=F%NMN.@&J_6FMJI(BEN:2/:&;6


SDC=^]/-ULJ$`N6






M?P*L]VI=3Z4-$A5@




J




M@SH8K$D_M07=&BTJ@UBD

Z]@AVA#*R&]N5
Y
N*(O-1$R


I#4_21


EK@V!&O*Q.YQ;`//G(PK2E;/&;DLNM
_

6



MK$G



M0=0*.JV]$R'6WB


MKJL5XGY.C1_M5@&+TGJ$6U8PUQ;6A:::TO'0G3F&7V#O^YR4LX3._IDO/+Q
MP'I.MB

M!TT'=K667'&]<16SLBM7-O%1HULP1)SQDHQ=KI%%6L2\S4C:WZ[4#.LX?(Y
MX^TYQCO6]
K*Y;QAVX


MK1Z;#JSF1(/J.A2Z+.B*MMN47AN\@W:D]Y

$@*#GGO7%X!BA#%B!)$*:(

M50!%*!4C2AEB#)$.:(48FH0E0C:AUB#I$/:(A0*$O:)F[Q!=&7*TJ%OFO
M[5\!BA#%B!)$*:(,48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:(.48]H%#@BYV^CYO?5Q[%0U\P
M\N8%H@A1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+J$/6(A@%OM74Z_X`B^A=A;)





D8T338*PW
M

6V%@IAV
MB/9IXY#0'W(-?T^:..W!E3S^;$3:(*$]6A3U$R

4X]9(&(A+^A9NQ]5VZ72GG!%

1EYP?ZPR

M)4[8#UU@=O]S+CCO5Q;T25@(4(?\`!W17(!:(?]7%DZ[AQ(V*-I31!E6S!$5

Q&WA^=^6




M


B`YD`)(:04@-I@+1`.B`]D

M'JFP^E*0M$LWOA)5(K1=J0=JM4BQ]@91BZA#U,:'+*-#YU]V6G_&D_[#GF/
MW`ZI

M]A[NDL?T19Y8W6X!A0QHL.4YVGURH6*6YZPDCNQ5-$&2-?/3ZY%RE67S`2
M]26BBI&O?J._RE6+%*MO&(GZ%E''R%

I*DUHH:1Z&H1
M=8QFF]J+%#=U8#3A

9G111QBA8
MK.$G$B+%HU



M2[C\Q)


M
YHU.+#4B3Z'

48ZH0%0*.MW2R@EY+:T1-:**6]HBZA#UB(8`A?ZZ

M)WDW9^1

Z]


M=$*S':Y8DR2)FI'?X8DMR42'=1-::0+WMV/M8K!G-&MP8*D3?0YCREQ\^C'U






A
6/0]P

J%BA2

MJ.^

-8H=8!0[PAV@%&P`*/0&-GI%E-H6FO
MQ10:P@:1FW<8O(]
/(]
/(]

M;YB\:JOZ[Z%/
/(AR)$/@9$/@9$/@9$/@9$/@9$/@9''@)''@)''@)''@)''
M@)''@)''?*8\9J[#+O&8NS[S?DV^6CKFO3XUP6B*@1RY!QBY!QBY!QBY!QBY
M!QBY!QBY!QBY!QBY!QBY!QBY!QBY!QBY!QBYQV?*/?H&TBS
]$47FH(?_WI^

8.1
8.1
8.1
8.1
M8.1
8.1
8.1
8.1
8.1
8.1
8.1
8.1
8.1
GREGFHNH2^::O;@*LZ-CP5P#
M1G
-&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+D'&+G'







^75%L



M4_(TQ)

MK7F)`4M^6]W^-CWN-(03\A_(45/ROVUN?S

M\=:\;H
E]!(C]6/*@_0:')5


M\UH1EM#[FS3Z4VVC-PI9*IM]%H9E4RUC=Y3HI(I._2R%47&5`F]V'IK7K+



M.63=0K25DR6E%12



M_OSX^

U


BYX;6RLG%MO&DL2



8D(7W_?WP]7#XN!V-]JO7


MY^?UJEEL5S\VS?M!&MDU;\L#C7__NO[8L[7-ZAQSF^7N^X^/+ZOMYH-
?%N_


$
M[DC<V.W3[T6S7U%$R<R5/Q&65MLW&@#].]BLQ=2@BQ_M9\_UT^'5_II=C69




'
_I$33VME35?CK(?3]N]%?M))72N8193Q;8LX2

*+0=O&E6?'_B*\P(^++D7ED

MA%5(MV'E8#PJTC[UVW4[![(`$@&)@21`4B`9D!Q(`:0$4@&I36(%C!Y[5L!$
MT9Q0!;BP:`HS=B0EF='CRYB-H3

M75D#$@&)@21`4B`9D!Q(`:0$4@&I36+%4&Q.+@AB*VY'D9$Q[Q`M$$6(8D0)
MHA11ABA'5`J$56(:@O9\1,=]OFK5NSHG%FHT,SONN@YH@6B%&
*$&4(LH0

'%VR)&6
MXAS%B!)$*:(

MIZ/3+O:JLS?GO40A=63=_`W]J=


MQZ6
M&*&*$=4

3//:5'







#L(?ZG?M%7YQZ'WA4RF13@&?*ZE/2J2T3B52)PAW%
J4U4+BCH*E
M:
D8M=5YBB5Z6)S'E!5[!Y&QE%E)0]\QG[-4[R`*'$3)BKV#J)34=*9V%.
;




MG%B]JBGHW.M
@+-



F`2/MGG!52&7+E$)V
MWQ8ZA\-S5J0R=/J1HX1TEQ8!B8$DVC2'/P6A#$@.I$!#)0A50&J3V%&^;




^Z/8\X
M
B?T:QV!4'1Z%HEFYC
-T$(I&E(1HAA1@BA%E'*$16(2D05HMI]I(2.W.S

1^

M&8':AAJ''PK9[R^'\#R5BB3%#ZZ%5F04(8H1)8A21!FB'%&!J$14(:HM9(=;

MZ-4W.WYZ%5TX6UM+=H%2R)FMSO]!S;443\T%H@A1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1
M;2$[VN[^L'^VTK?7W9K/2$_-.:(%H@A1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@J1^-*^7GXR
M?O)+^/+KPIMF]]+






MJB)]G9W^4D=#KZZ.Q?M
S]OM@7\1#KJ__?'P7P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`

F-U=S#UA;
-5;R
MK#VD*Y8







M1P2A(':%X`6%I@9?'51AOQR-QG.VA]2)#O
8
/#L



M#BF_G\22?)%=2;;DOE]TO^O-DSB):Y(X97MV=K_]`=5$@\2_W9:RNP\;SZ\!

MY

+/IP\GWYZ?



MW7YBV_O_`/





MIN;8A1L&4H1=56`LP2JA!I$&L0:)!JD&F0:Y!H4&I09##48:C#68:##58*;!

@(R!
M3(!

M!I(`28%D0'(@!9`2R!#(,@8R`3(%,@,R!S(`L@2R`K(&L@&R!;(#LA@@.@&
M$:9UX.75*RK:]QQ15$;:+RI+G)D*2`@D`A(#28D0#(@.9`2`ED&0$9`QD
M`F0*9`9D#F0!9`ED!60-9`-DV0'9#!`=(,H0.3EU2LJ.@DYHJB,M%]4%3F3
MB4J#4(-(@UB#1(-4@TR#7(-@](!7@1H#^Q%H-I0OS5'G









*+'(G
K6IKJ8FZK!'I5.+86YJ;WB!G-LL#BHP9*E7FC0

?L@IA+VH;5N
M4Y9ZH6[W]_L




M2






ME9ZB'S$J`2]BKTP`1GR_]I/RZNN%Q(U)*4EY+UGU+]6M/A`I*?%:D5&$4C&B
M!%&**$.4(RH0E8B&B$:(QH@FB*:(9HCFB!:(EHA6B-:(-HBVB':(Z)T_R-K`
M*0'.)+WWAW*AQ_S*I&GGF


M/\\QDDDM0!0BBA#%B!)$*:(



6ONX%2GNXPX15;BM)MFA4XDCJ^O)D0M9

M*$.4
5QS4J;ACY?52*6Y'B/NX0497;:G*J]Z:!!0VL+JB&*C_N9-B\IZ*7!4Z

?+Z
H.&+D]U$ICD6*^SA!-$4T0S1'M&`D



*HUY\5
@K:XLDVJ%5I

M*$.4

MW[1S^


MJ[MFS%(T_=52.B6)-

MM6.I-M_IZX?

M656HY2LC.1T($(46T;

M.?-@SEU

MX2.X

M48JV
D0Y*A:(2D1#1.+'%?'B:H.$4T0\4YH@4J+A&M$*T1;2QRO-\BVJ$B


S1EQ57

Y\
M3

MS-VF7M?W3M6;7



MBC$C/Z3J`4HB4A)2ZZJL/#.4RA$5B$I&#2$UY[9MB^F#OJ[TK#K]]7;/%:*5



MOS5%M5T+T:^]^1]&B`XQ%5LAT_':%!PE)2Q%[=92/?WELRE+T9:\EG(WV=5W
R0WN1L25PH&+DN]#IJ
MH5.RE.N6T1^`LV.U$W@;QVTGU?[6B^O%3+.U('HZB^'%C139D.5VB%S#^U
MJ3X,3.MFZ68FY-!D;!QM]Q[';4
25G1E7)C:J?9`WS(V93X4#3[H-:A)2N^

M7O8J1U
%HE)

M6W-]V+

D0YH@)1B6B(



ME]M*K1!]J`_.^?T@F0



MTJNM-L3O@+93;HA2[9B2AUE^U

M/Q`I'E


MT1#1-$8T031%-$,T1S1`M$2T0K1&M$&T1;1#A'5'22:@Y90\*IYEPYO^;



B

W
%:*


\DHY8BJJX;K![J9[UQ2Q%



MRX&5:G\MCH6D.B.+S
L2M75X$RIF15?*Z?&^0A
6DD&5
I(&LX
:S%GQA0;]
M$)L3!S?$9OKLGK\E_$K9&T5USZB0.2FLP]'KJ2H



Y2
M+S3H1YZ$O


[VQLE+MRWD6HM5-;0HW5E9*30:JP9AM


MYA[T*ZE7YLQ*B.;


*$&4(LH0
MY8@*16B(:(1HC&B:(IHAFB.:(%HB6B%:(UH@VB+:(=HL&@@3DEP
D=!`UR
M?L;]RC3[NB
JL]H&NONROD7.@VQ$(:((48PH090BRA#EB`I$):(AHA&B
:()

M*$&4(LH0Y8@*16B(:(1HC&B:(IHAFB.:(%HB6B%:(UH@VB+:(=(JHYR!K5

MT^M(I/B^%B-*$*6(
D2Y1=6#]?V^OA#TLO.EF!*AGG9^*%+L_`C1&-$$T131

M488HM\C+\P%^EV*J^56$H0A(BNN^
AJCU`31%-'
HJ84F[.F_SS%]L1*EHTW



M2]+^%-O7/[

#J4=_.;Q

MF:;HMUZ:+IFFNDU-W?1

M%/*;+EUHTACTR%)C[=&%L-?HEO&JZ8)QM\G;FWU2&S1H0W9MMDC8=]KM7)O]
M!UX)K[JDT]056CF33M.5\*IW;9:!:(U6=&2MZ0HMO:[-P@IU:(U$[31=H2\(




CKGAE35?

M\O#PS/]!J7_W]\/CG_MET\?_%P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`$$_^NV5


MD/]@^/W&HCXM8SR'V2PV.2`'!$%R]^RU-3/&VI9A:79V_WV:38ID4TU+S
MB


KIT=<H3^.S4?G_'_1O;4??[\=#_\\7AI8;A!*2OU



77INN_

MFB3
3B9YEEFV2]BI4+^#I?W^M*ZRQ]5W6(V]QGQ2&/C78(1!K&`V9DHP#7=*
M_/(



EV%@H9E6!-4WL.!WI%M$M02F6`4I13
MR
/KK9\.

UAQAJC%U4U0Q#%V.[&$)$+9$8XH12&N47B*9JZ=84NKY
MQ?U]@&C


^VC51YA&N%


;]QHZQ+#TS`/O7K-:P\P8B55.AZAR@?XICW(-1-.=J$-C3CGC&K.4PX%8

S0:NP7F@KJ44J!]




ME'$@VB.DO(0AQ!B'J.H9CS6JL7






F

SV':=S'$R#8L

M4W!F*!+&

SS&8:Y40`@^8'-7










M
N(QXC
2
!(R$C$2
Y(PDC*2
9*;Q`H8WUO)B0M@


$6


M$C`2
A(Q$C.2
)(RDC&22^)4%V]%%;IJ*ZJR(;R;P-H^O6_6/^8E7#=T.PWW

M8)5D+ZI_1QLQLY$PDM9:RBII;K/Z=[2:FS:L'(C-B96$AF##!A&C78G;X59H




0E:E`#P$G
M=XAZVF&$J-5AC%)M#A/N

M$[C`P



Q<:3
MK=F;[WC"DFR1&0!D[9]`4ND4FQ?P$I(+R=/Z5D+N')2A'B53=3/
GU$##F






M[!DBMO9TAC@C?8KR9_D!A?-BAR3

M=2UE9+]:`DLEI$\D/$9\1@)M&H

J&(D9B1A!M*F5#&2&X2.[8P0=DL=J_H


:HV.8P02'M
$6D'6;:

*SO)MQUQN/R(`Y%QD]&HK?Y)4V;#I_0
Y&M3N

MH775TS151:4$B^+L72W0[C%?H4*&LX@Z:ZB*5SA+N+.4.\N(


)5BNVW'ED]FV4^,J0E@FT
M:;TNJ%K$U&)&$FXH94(9([E)[B+3;89Y?8=OROWY.:.7R&K+DW)$ELH(9'M
ML\5CJ82@4F@AO@]%*6BV:E/#(3GW]5'*7--\'ZJ'I=

MJW401]$BN9;(Y&AE%/M0YT[EP0A1P'3O]'EV!-!;%EOF`ARAVM-!(FLOFY*
M#R1

T@(G4]9!!L(EPS


WCFB?-P

MP

$%``&``@````A






M%N$(+PXQ4@D^QW6\697R8L'40
SJ'.

NDOPC)GY4)_[F4%*N.8K+E)+`5U!

XMFSWPECL)LR@19X_$AG!
M0]T@#(O



RD






W-'AZ

I:1.=



MS8/NWZST[K=UEUL/7V\
7@6\#DTG`#Y(65\_0&#G]I2[^0\``/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`%Q,(KS8!```I!0``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H
M965T-#

X$'T?:?\!\=X!0VY$24836KTSTHRT6NWEF1`G00TX
=PYTB*+KALC@Y]%+@Z
=LM3Q7'?N9%&2VR+JA@2@QR/28R?27S-


#,6*28I$(_5I:P

+
%F?$/*]N0X(=8#KS^_D'I=S='C^C&P
MP6QIMI3`*+E1#%INYOJ369?W=Q!SZJN.P@
%(/&8#&&`7

*@
M
K`I?&JZ26/#7DS&U$\A=X\KPIQ
-@N]%78H[I#)S-;-GTEL8G://IKP]S
M


AE%(OCSG


MNG54J4-Q!PR14

A
M7

MWB@IYEY]4BQ!*HM[4LP^YD;4JDN*S?'BH34IKBUB)]-







MYB$Q^'`XYUPN6=\\B0X]

=*&]!7I9
]*
M_
PTOME\_K0^2O6@6\8


M#L

(&\ID



M!Z565#)7DAFH/[E?1KE6;&X_@!+[!4Y@W?$D,U:R2.0P-[ZH'8(YBN@'ET
MYG4$KV]9!7F6Y-:RE!A..[C04)['39HDQ3I^A%#IVC[N@4L1L1MA:@+X@$



MH$RB!0A2_M[P`R
'UWM[::#?W6
+USN#\YI$`*ZE-./`=D/XP]C\!P``__\#






3GH+ULF1?;)*872Q.$_N
MJ$U0ACT%D+&XTVG=6M`/0F]!4L''=]\`IL!Q^&P^`-9J9+Z2:*YQ-D2TL
M0$NSE

J(&C$
O`Q4?4*?!073A0

M+6C4JG&

M

M3GVM


&`5
+*=IOWW.[93@I.J2UX2








M\1*8=603R

H



M9U&?MHH%V8+











K&?8]-MUM01
_XOL5D

MS&?$(:=HG[*ZXQ3C4S:Q&C@L6*B$VX.UDZ!H:?9#)42D2$JZHK4;D$E`2\`0
M@(F$PKY=I)WT.(=4C42JM60A:XH4B3==646+4/[Q1D9,L8PM`0,`9AJ.`)2
M=0+8Y3JRDSS5:ZXI1=(F[&2'02BK

89
DAZ)6`(P-3:






M1#UK+`*)&

MM0[D([1QA#-165LCYWUB5&B&HD)E%QCUEFF[V3`0=96)81&S9L-BKAD&93=K




BU:O]21QC1F
M'J(]Q%$*Q1^-<T
$O2M*S7@6%0JSAL1[7$
1;C43_E6@O[#34$VU*EC89^Z

1
M+OPF:TO.69OW:;5C8:.VDJU6-@P/!]!##$6X7N%SE^\-^X='Z%5X@B/O!/9N
M1N^-2#SY9&XMFN9^7A^(H1PNV_H




+[Q;=H+=C7SUZCL7[






-P-E\NIK
$


U&
M-(*CUU#K$S(;.=&4A(0-
3`@-.7SSRA'

M-*T



M'7Z`@\@E/?&_TOJ45](J^!$H/0?/#+4ZRJB+1ES:!_F]:.`(TGX]PY&3PQ.T











F21XD\10EDLA'E*3\AL3$RV&!\3
MDRV6:P1I


M0NI5I@$15*&1+LWEX$)G2I&4QTW=!=.+EU70E]@V!(H2X_=CS2?ID&3+0?






M_T?5]E
O%G#A-J&1#-!TH-`'YOND@C+RG(2(:X_C((EH6PW`Z*##6SR\L*I%
MLQ.9.!Q:JY1/ZH:.0;`OJWA[F

``*


!1^G[3_@'@O8!)N49*J7=5MTB9-TR[/#IA@


MOW\]WL2V)22N


M/7'KBQE]15/.!
NE`W2N

2H=]BQII`SI)*^6^+*-Z)V/IZW9<
M+9I96$S2&YQ$


?L_5@4
:#'SAA#QA[^*]I
MI][;L^9/IL]?BVKKX#G!U(
Y*YA7:47XGGPB92FLE!W4.0#!%G9WNS/*G:]?








MN_37U5U(WXV

2ZF)ALELO%:K
^/7F??C1
M?YS=ZG'G?D/5WOIQ=V8_QQL4R_:KKP&C-7E()M*E)$#)\X5
SEMSTE\G1_G
M4PXT\Q^NZ;



GEHR0$@-)@.R`I$`R(#F0`D@)I`)2`VF`


M#9`6R!Y(YY.@XVD?=T;'&^FPXRU92
!K$&D0:Y!HL-






MN16D;@Q/PFL51%N1XE,$,6($D0[1FB#%&.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VB/:(N0.&(
MF:/;&2/F3GIR(+LU%Z\FRKVC`J((48PH0;1#E+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+:


MD`Q(#J0`4@*I@-1`&B`MD#V0SB=AUYLSYQE=[XZH?M=;M)`]Q];\JF1&@V9#

AM%`.]ESHL&(JP7*HB`:

M&`T

MABC'BH6@X\Z73D@YK]::2J38TUJT
VH$'3?8BBH1@M[:BQ1K[T0[H2`WS\S9
M_O25^BN)JN]'0BOLC8JZVY=Q?&K+?DW3_%#JW6AZN2Z6*INC?A.OYE@%Y%

D;NPHDNNU0@YBPQ9JP08S)*VJ.2-8GYBI&[JYZH747-Y6/&
MFU.



&4DIC)EBI[55-NK




MBF(Q$XOF=X3Y4

M@V7\M[B9NTOSKAH8R67`5I`





-TYHM)];UO3*%C3H^C6]FZ#6Q([U'/$H##1S-WA&
MJK!7B?Z%\


8LV4AT;Y'U`4HB(TYY:4@-GYIWK0$H:
M0RJ#ZTH5Z0A.KY4L9705B[WS?S:Y4S$Z[H2V'(L)1WEF4D%C.Q:+:@2UJP
M=+A2KXU!D6&FMPZ81D3L@-9#F%-4M5-L#Z7P2!LMYUZ=SO#YEY&U!!8V%
M@%7E;T%=/0\EHHHG_PY1BBA#E
J!!WWM!0A]J%5-J!!W7WHH0:]\CZ@(4

M^QY1%Z!P9


V:K8*&QAI9.R-\GV(X54H-



MC














T1=0$*QX*F
MV#DYVXBKG&V1]R[R=@$H0A0C2A#M$*6(
D0YH@)1B:A5-J$+6(]HBZ`(5C


*Q



W(7[OI#;PF7T^CTUO48[





MVCV4L$'1OD.48L4

M18J[(4(4(TH0[1EB#)$.:(48FH0E0C:AUB/:(N@%(V8.%WX\CR?6E3V+







-JQ-4^QB)O
M$+?T-!N,JT-RIHE92E#2+IAARAE1HEQU^I-)F)%'=#SDC4%XA*1N)7A:AF
M)+H:1VC45?W(L6N=HP&1LR<D?V9^&M+KCUI!\G9HF`@`47TY-)A;+T;<D0)
M(^F=':*44;!8P\\L(L6]DS
2]06BDI&X6B&J&8FN!E'+:-35O4BQJQVC@8$T
MEP'^0+ZRG+H+!C^E.B3[C.VJ1S(W]/(3.2&3%?H)!)_KC$6*&Y.(=D8[1*E#


D?NA:C71
MO]_D+#%FK!!C(R'`FL1\Q2CX16.JMG`U2XVYT(@+W-Z6ZXG!/:-1@QU+'3$8
M!M-YUSMKO-YQ2/U4H3IARQ4I4_2S7\^RB(4D*\:LW?X^-YWJJV&N0AOZHWIW
Q8R12U#T_H%Z!)G=^:GAB%&!.7M%#)FB1?



M+9V0YVF%J!95[&F#J$6T1]0%*!PO&M1SEALCKI8;BX+E9KY1;S=OS0^+KR\W

MZ
):LB8Q7S$:3?LU2XVYT(@+W-Z6ZXG!/:-1@QU+'3$8!I.Y%CS]8+RVMXC^

FO*2$QEH:D%



A1%D;AO/B`CKM*114$Z&MC]6JG121JMK50CASRYPQ^T(@K^G-F8$O2

MV]NR=C&X9S1JL&.I(P;#F#(7GWY
_=KNUUZ?!LG*(I6L8/?K*HY-X6CMA&1B

M$-6BBL.U0=0BVB/J`A2



1:&$
79.2%D

T8V2G

MBL4]HY&4Y

L5Q^9OQ$(RJ6+6

MB_G-!WH9C2)*E=`'QV[

MOF)$)4

KZITA.QUIZP9+

F+Y.4$]_U3G2;;-G;]!PE_SK9%7N;[:@CA1KRC])Z7H^4(

MEH&7//_.I-Z.(6@\(JWM.@-_%

U-L\.Q@G3/X([8C:UVO\RT

MH1*4.9

M0BP`*0.PLG@@`TPM98`#(0


/
M`Q^#`(
0@PB#6`2:[NEEQC2[:/%PNLU7H`SYK;BD9'X];@&L$]#


/`QR#`(








J&
M+K679X)Q3


M/3_TOUA^

8@:_'XW=A
M&CP)!



.G/[QOQ$+!\$1!KBZP$5;6Y
M5FR@RH@H7T28AS[X0QTY0X7\^7EB3S[=_X2JME4VC]S&

&*



0)7'A1S5`8\LS

M(T6=&*




M.9`V;KGW4CY`YI*




M@5;7%


%+#S'\7)

M8ZMBA%:Z%L2(M&+2K
BJSRWWF&)XK9@ATHIYLR*K/A\HFHDD=M

2

M:%NDB(;*HK7415PL1K]Z]2%WUE!];KBSE(ME7Q7._
:J@^[6)FTL#TZ9(T
MPIP\LB0:RS\/$
=T4_''&!50S..YAPM.%IRM.(HXCD*.(HYBCA:
U1RE'&


NESM)QC20J'[.(_Z60?0]
MI'[U:*.O*C,T@G&JC#SZXCS75O@`6B#2#_BE1CH6%5RAD2E(UAV!MD+!$)$6
MC#B*$9GAR2(CT588?HU(AT\YRA9X<ES-M=6&+Y`5(8WQU[L^=3'_K<._L0:


M@=I&=(E&;4U:H5%KDP+2I)$]I-N&(09J:U*$1OK=









H=J=
MY4R
UZ9V






:*1VOD

E?@4.$WUQ5-AT
M90)7FGS@'!%:W70%OH'C2]FKI&6/\









M/JO*^=+QX1.KP.^K(87OC'G??-LEF].W_=NY][I[AO(Q*%=*)_FM
_(_E^
[
M%%?XPHKC!;XMIOSU!;X=:`='E0-1!9^/QPO^1PA4WS?T^7\```#__P
`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0!MT!;F:A$``

M=#


U
#KQ_WSW6`\O9S
KL=#)7[Q=;7;QVMM



MH\EL?LY#3
F(^GGV!%0V-1-0/\_6O2%=]?/CDQ^JP&EFH/_G[D,.0KT_Y#V
M^2LX5`MFYB#!=/H:#CF(]/_\#4=P'`W/*0KDQ1-CH7+_?+SI^WFYX7:N)0[

M#_]J





M

@2E$Q0Y2C8B&H

9!$

M


MNZBJ#6_#]VH#:OSI-A%S?[&

I82LSGB`I&

\S*D()0!R8$4


J`Y$`*
=23'QDE7)$WN%L92S

M%0M!W3
MT52%J!93?ED8Z5[.]O''$H(Z0JLB-X;O!C-YV[P@=&2W
J:L@U#$

:*$D;U;@:V



2$A-018%!LS85.^`.4OU#5C(@-W/

D6)_FI&0''0B
M&K#_H!/SM/KB*F$A.QUAP.RD`7.VU3=@P4)]SURRD#QS==(4:E;LF(*[^+JG

7&,%QR,[')Y
MR@4'Z:E8Y9R+$,5H/4&4HF*&*$?%0E!?'M(%A\RT0NNUF()RJ5;2;$C/M;B
MWD9JD+N13KT_
UV
C53_69&%Y#`7(8H1)8RLLR(CL94ARA$5C-2$.PM[R4)B


M7V+6ZG-3PD+V[D53DM$R=[39:.K_K63.=OH&*UBH[V%+%I+A*W?XX'JH/AKI


XN

'[!@_6YI&2A7I=4[HP.;[S]4W)R

MZIYIB:8J1+68\G

[]3_#(U+LOA!1






$.6.HA-Y$Z?'H
@;3L[\M&=CQ7..-NR_\)UZX;%@



3LT(OYMP*$1K1+D^MAI43C7

MEQ$S1O:(!UQ_8

MQ13[)4&4HJT

=]1

M\*GZ
NT#_$LPO/VB9G1`0_U&OVLX])N1^DVS9_BC!V/UF_%!'3WA0S
.Y[=1







2YX;6RLFUMSVDH2@-^W:O\#Q?LQ2$((4;9/&:$K
MB-K:.KO[3+!L4S'(!21._OWIT4QK9KH!6\F^1/&GOLST=
\-N/WSQ^ZU][TZ


M529KHJV[2V4']2:L/`@S=WT87JBH(\P5W^\GH7L[^`[UO5$R
R[CV!(12HAB
M%F;G%
04)!2D%&04Y!04%PH6%)04K`RP`!V\87$N7_$5]A1L07(S-#H`-.
MPAVA!*K
30@',JW0:$)#V0JUL60D9B1A)&4D8R1GI&!DP<B2D9*1E4FLL$+9

I(QDC-2
+)@9


MR=OW:*


)

C0T6S:L]Z
M)M@@8JFQU$X;`??CCT,OA7[#XI9B)-E1R&SF%ND(\/7&ED5&XL+EC!NH$2
+3IQK<_


M@J






M*\1)_DEDW%\I(4WFC
2
)(RDC&2
Y(P4CP863)2,K(RB1TRL:$W0_9+&W!7
M'0N,[0\BO7I&&EU9=970Y4LQ+8#K4:(-(THYRK3BA8LQ+8!FFYFP=%2*RK+
M9)=7:@&TO++
V$




[5T+F

MSB-Z:$O0NBG%+Y502M=$ADA[S



PJ989+V[#KD-19



M

M%WIK#SD(71WRSUV.0RFP





)U/XKA'GV60*WQ;B?.YZTQ@N







Y%VRKL'PF*C.01Z?/
MR:&4A%QD*L]
YG$*PX9L:V`=?7_R-L[#_#OD_D[8;*F-95H$TH(E.I
-
8@P
MB#%(




5!F;0Z4DY6:4`Q#(
8@P2#%(
M

&
BYK`%Z2K!SB;HB;9_


&..)&

9O7&7KH



M4CT22*2_LW;6J'Z*9:/1_+_%?2J5E/O

HEQ)X0W98E7HW\]-






50;





H@$DBD
M^VKED!D0PAKP7642.$Q[ZDT4MXSTSN\XH#*AERV&?!N)OM]%QV;7G0D4A?V
M0*'AX8?2'NN%5$4*RD9_42A8?642F44Y4J*E'CX
O37


#-<SRQ5'EA\^?J\.WC?9M&5]









;;[=8D:G\Q!:WUIQY+S^]NTM=
M^9@11TOF
+C%8`RBA[1`8$8Z3RR&Y6]^BS]%IOY2XD]SM+]8;P\1EVG*U'Q.
M`8$`2^WB%K6*3-62BVZM.5IMPM+HSFEEABGQ`N;1H7!
2=(P=C=5:$KOV7*D

Y&AAFI
DP9'#/F:G8H0VB&:V=IV[GN9%*+

D
M

MQ%:HLA`IO&Z


480[B

4HIP1A&!$5NIRARB](I1T4EE]]09%4T:1R4D
M49
Q0F!D5[A#(&\A#

C$GO7
MG7O]JDL?FPP)*Z6!R!V.P(BM%+:9CLCERRY2JVA/:;@8$IS*4T8FY#S(1M+P
M&9@[B




S
0;B#(Q8M75
M?WM[^U67HL&0D%('X0XB




RYX;6RL6=F.VS84?2_0?Q#T


MB8O/W\N3]BVOFZ(Z+W5S--:U_)Q5N^)\6.K_?`T^376M:=/S+CU5YWRI_\@;

$YD!%ZJZI6$QCL0;*A9`?=/Q5:[M\G[Z=VK^K



M$BE(K)B$@=A27UB8Z2:+FC%)E8O?5]!=DHR%9!`@4)%212D%A!$A&1.@KK
M_Q


3[HUH
MR(.&*1-Q:@6HV*FZZ)N)#SI1C%96G*0$P^S]_ULTG
?'%2X&=8

M6=1]2[




5`7V[Y)7/:(Y]U]NXM1`QQOYJ`9D7`B41.A


+\(VTSE\J(#&
.W/X



M'I79ZSF_--Q(E9_2!OROC\6U%M;.V11SY[3Z_'K]D)7G*YAX+DY%\ZTU:LW.



MF/99E1^VUI

\@HF)FS

M4H3/L8$6/#MMLJ.T21\?JO)M!A4


MA(56

I#80!(94?R#5$_W#X55_SBR8EWYA`82&4AL((F
*/[!?)WN'PJK_A$B







MEB_7C\/T3D-2-\J76[_1:\2`O-FPI;



M!9*BC8X++_#4'50BS

MCS8S0V&2#GP

MU+.IMW$2N

?52Q[FIU
]R\I7




M2P



05%]?_?SQE_?_^.W[^LN_DH^?_O;K=XSW/0ZI/K(??O[/


$Q1X!_




L6!&^


%;4UIAL$\R:+AW#$WQFC$1:.
MQF@T5$;CQJC1!9$ID1F1.9&$2$HD(Y(3*8B41!9$ED0J(BLB:R+/1#9$MD1V

B$R)3(C



D0F1*9$9D3F1A$A*).2$RF(E$061)9$




MI
%#(VM#W?M7[?!!71)3:_4P.@O@]N;A5DT0
XGCWR#J9'-KA(KD+7B%\V?
MAOF'#X\/:E[))$XL?\[Y_&+YB_#_(.G)W53NY`PL?1+3E^)7S3]*DP_I/%9
M2YB.]*'\ZDZ1WSV\(#_36
*=OXS9N_I)`81UCWO%1EBC6W7UCJT59CMGI14Q

0RY6+D

.V5
!/'6

M+N%*4#3A6JPZ$H8B@M*N$5%MKA8J@]3&1NWUQO7[.+5C?&-CC=SU
K5^]_A-



H;[J





IHQFC-*&*6

D8YHX)1R6C!:
FH8K1BM&;TS&C#:
MHQVC/Z
#H
MR.@4H%`CN&BOT4AMKC1BD:\10I
AH2FC&:
YHX11RBACE#
J&)6


M&17.T1T//WMW5A)KP6C)J&*T8K2VR)0:#G;=N_N_#[;I`/HW;/6'#^HK$AO.
M9AQ'=[JG)%;QT3:ANA_#VR@PD+



ME2Z5J[I%3+;L6

E5-W!/W%[()R;`/1WZ(8I*8P



MQC&0S8LZYL

MF$HL?Q8:W:D%
Q.K:





MZ\`Q')T_I;UZR^U5B\*]@^Y(C*U5?.]@C2ZT7\0J6/CH;EBLH`
W$]&+7:XL


_&?P
M-I2'9AQ]SBAAQY11QHXYHX(=2T8+=EPRJMAQQ6@=.(:CAD7BFOF_-C_/_^Z\

MC-:




GAEM
M&&T9[1CM&1T8'1F=`A1JI.YL7J$1VPCUVJRW%OGS*$)6TT9S1C-&26,4D89
MHYQ1P:ADM&T9%0Q6C%:

9A'







D:7





M-1$CU^:?2G0D::+S$SQQ]*UT]+D8Q4I(Q
B5D/8J(1/'6`FY&
5**
3(E5#V
H.WKH5)&F0LET7.'NJ

UH%C.+)85(
-SH4%IC8_WW6[
MXWL:J&W+NWMC%3Z]T;OFL;.2`YPPFC*:




9HS2ABEC#)&
U8S)C(A,B4R(S(GDA!)B60^0]5]TOUUKO7TY(';J





MNH-HK:(MC(DUNM!!%OLYIJ6;\**%98JALK?37



BO8\F7G+P2OVCRE5C9/XNAVI)K^74L
M^3
GWXA?-/E6K&QR);*=_#J6?

1-







MXB*Y7



8]9SR(H\MX%!1F



LX5*
M7
)*D$NXZI5P+8ZQA
]BY!)N!+F$VUX)=^(82[@7(Y?P(








%NRX9%2Q
S16

T9S1@FCE%'&*&=4




8^8QS+!/&*0]Z+X
MHR83(E
B


]3
L6.@



C&()LLY62&.

ZC'QV%I=N!A-J.!BM
AH%E^_JQIK
QLX_CEU
ME]T-(.5*)517KDP


8M

M-%33Y[LG8Q7T-9[TFR)C9R5G=L)HRFC&:
XH890RRACEC`I&):
%HR6CBM&*
MT9K1
Z
-HRVC':

WF%KF;C_$3H0FC*:
9
MHSFCA%'**&.4
RH8E8P6C):
*D8K1FM&SXPVC+:
=HSVC`Z







MMK'BC@`GB1A.DF7A$:A;

SDPG#L*

MMK!3R-25?MT=^.&;\$;YFZF(!]KYQCD0PSR(0;Y$(-\B$$^Q`?8I`/



\B$&^1#?(A!/L0@'V*0C\^4
M?+!MNVJ.JNWU=MHPOX4SN$&^1#?(A!/L0@'V*0#S'(AQCD0PSR(0;Y$(-\
MB$$^Q`?8I`/

S)9_K[ML'


\B$&^1#?(A!/L0@'V*0#S'(
MAQCD0PSR(0;Y$(-\B$$^Q`?8I`/


MQ@\CB
?V3)H[?FA'(TA'(RA'(PA'(^A&(\A&(ZA&(XA&(VA&(TA&(RA&(PA&

38K!;DC[J1@#&OS&3!!C_)H$PC'_#NI-$4TT9_6H_WX;1-*820*(
MI$D@#)IF`NGCQ2R::(YJT?]
?:59R8)H*0F`9B:).JFT!4WM=`*;1@MJU^%

@0GN$;;+)@@K)5;``98I`


N0)?1#/HA!'STR0!_D
M3$0@QB(00P]
D`



&NN1`1HC3PB*&#1$#(KID0&*(4_(@QBTX#
U\G4O\IJ1




M:4?H2R


7&Z%NOV/4.0?2H`(*@J(


9M8U=B*@06N%
M'YUE0(/6RI4!#1H6+P







@FBB\0Q7MU[]X;_P:OC0M&J#OH)EP1MES#!+
M&5_/#H-*#(-*#(-*#$-(#$-(#$-(#$-(#`-&#`-&#`-&#`-&#
-##
-##
-#
M[+F%;5K8MH7M6MB^A1U:V+&%G4*F9@_

5?)I[;7*Z%E[HT!S!+$(!]BD`\Q


\B$&^1#?(A!/L0@'V*0#S'(AQCD0PSR(0;Y$(-\B$$^Q`?8I`/
M




3\0@SZ(01\]
D`?Y`DQ$(
8B$$
/3)`#.2).808

EOE(DG:HD

M`XD3D]F\L8K5E#16T9I2
8OWRC
QJU]6:(Y07P!Y8Q6KK&BLHI658F;;'G2V
M%F(0K6G96
5JJAJK:$TK
8N?K;68=56FQ%PW_:Z8QFYMD]!O;U@6/$)XY#?*
MK-F%:4RL_&F
&=1JL$]HTS7T*9E,9U`F^0)(1*#ZHA!8STR0&/D4$1@X:(
M03$]
D`QY`EY$(

MP[2I
`%&C1,O=^AO[UQ
M<&O,+LT^QLI[;@8-V@3V_8ZGD?J6$,Q%U@N'WKD^08,]*H`&J0)H\$(%T&/

MO$:#IDL9W/O=&A9LYQ[YC3)K5C_Z;\ZBWL=@'C3!W




PXUJM#X?9MGCX50!!4`11QH0((



'L4`&%2`1!F4X`[Q6W;L1YE0)@]RH`PJ0P(
MLT\9$&:\#7,NN7J_-2=\VV:`
%6N:_;W';

=)5P$Q(#`IK

$FJB208(IF'=&2`8B@;!$



M=6=(Q
K+D+:P3)B7(?=8=X9K+P,90M;/
R+#W6G:$2*R_#JH6MA9D
:OCK


&%BV
72^
72^
72^
'2V
'2V
'2V
'2V
W2J
W2J
W2J
W2J
G2B
MG2B





?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]A
MZ

?5KF]+%IUD/T2=.R?7TRZQU]A*&/


N-)KJNDF




M%1:&R

MT,R84@F#,F$(9DP)!.&9,*03!B24
R84@F#
F$(9DP)!.&9
*03!B24,R
M84@F#,F$(9DP)!.&9USDMG%ZB%'K71QV_^JR*R=#QL+0Q]AZ,,?82ACS#T
M$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ






1

:)T]AW9-)I\..=:?A?IIW55K9
NZT-$88CH


^+

T?Q/O-1\TXF<FMO).\**<]M5EP8
^MVHGWO*1-M4E)S,=)GG1
MMIE/PBIW6A&B21EE2V.RE#98^DC!1)RDB1I(R4FM0.@./[.E;V2,=0D70,
M%4G'4*GI=A26(;-'4D:,)&7$2%)&S#Y)&3=[)&782%*&C21EV.R3E,&S.ZD;
M.W8GX9QD^X\M`-SYD^@E\


:`
(07


03
MAF3D$P8D@E#
F%()@S)A&9,03AF3D$P8D@E#,F%()@S)A&9
03AF3




?82ACS#T$88^PM!'
M&/H(0Q]AZ,,?82ACS#T$88^PM!'&/H(0Q]AZ

?5KF]+&Y\4/TR7/IG2K+
M(0_@;[2NYD=]!&&/L+01QCZ$






MA:





P%UM


;441




[0[G3.9&L15S

Y:QF


&1Q:)L3\GV-`ZM9H/Y
MV2Q



W+GAM;*R:66_BRA+'WZ]TOP/B?0#%[2'`V+

@).@`1QA





^]9J\)2D\/NSWT@`U[[9P]/]:_.V'J=.O-IX=R
M@/ZWSSX*X_=:\9I_C

3GVBY[
MWKP?+FG^
_T?4\U^\&
M@*XX^L(1KL+1
1QO'+]`B



!AC

%@BL$

$8@PD&4PQF&
PQ6&P
MQ&%P1J#&(

QAA

)AB


MZX%61*?'0]D9AN8P%4*89]DIWDC&2P2$E+
9G2/5MZJ8RD](H(K0F)E9<A[:#U(E%&4CHUA:S\PE;JG\DO$[+S
MRXF97T*&@@1J'A@1$A&O
2$3Y64





EQ^)D'/!S+UO0%0I


M1QV0%.]:6NF(L40Z8J(CEK741K%2[:)C&9VS:XF=O]Q12_RXQJHECNR-3!O=
M2@-V-`
+ZA?SDC`RMC+23Z.(HK%$UQ:AB3324E.*9A3-)=(I6$BDM984K2A:

?T-/3`4=H.L![&_9&@.V)KMV10VED9H+N

)(SWB(_:%``3L^GP#1'
1_7/(WV`[!MUGY!;XY+']]
MA6],,Y@E6^R^?L[SB_R#!5!?K3[]#0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`Y(1D
MQQ@D``#'R```&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S-YX;6RLG5MS&UEN






_IEL*=
MW7[YY_;AY3.%E


MY-UD-1_/%\%[C^*

5![<'.@\:#O0<'!6XH

M4

M(`60$D@%I`:R`](`V0
Y:&+2L/^@K`&Z6-8)1AW3.*Z&L;M!L@62`8D!U(`
M*8%40&H@.R`-D#V0@R8F8+0`7QP(&T#%LERT@[G#9`MD`Q(#J0`4@*I@-1`
M=D`:('L@!TU

M`:/]U@4!](V8)',4H%YL/4@\R#WH/@]*#RH/9@YT'CP=Z#@P(F1J$/Q*W+


J$)6(*D0U










E%D




^(!


;(;
O^
*A=%O6AA6D5*C2U!R6/%B+='-
G[!Y&U*&EO:I*/6VX1


U#?M'^AK%'[\



M5*)BA:A&Q1VB!A7WB`Y&T48TM.5ZH7O;^(G-O3X`GT:TH']25)=N![EAJ7!(

TD&2

M2?#5B%[RM6?D[LZM[@=1U`Y/SY.A/==Y'A@YW

MD;$IA7*T7B`J4;%5*/B#E&#BGM$!Z-H1P[%W43T;2,G6'%35$3V-V_XKB9



F-F2T1)B0^27\K*\OS8(55XF


M$
L'8\:F)/1.%U0QMUJI[[B;161WUBMW_K1AJ?Z=-0L-[*Q%RAR!K/PQCTCI

M46!+(?24%Y0]ZFZ%*RCSY6[N1A
V/%_I')0JF!SUC/-O#^CG.Q3CU+.^X[

M-/1M%R0TMGEZAS2+R(UM=V:R8:F!L1U-Z?-:UK



!F?XW$G
MX=*C%3SN68IGAN5\Y


M



M7)#4H[A-*B
W/-W^82.*=)\I]6XRWHI0*N-

MZG(([W+6HJ@=ZAC'K(I4\M@(2A[WW1[=SN








O*XS4PVB12FB+*$.4(RH0E8@J1#6B':(&T1[1P2`;O]!3

M9`LD`Y(#*840H@M2;V5D

F


MV%]-T52ZEXS5$LF!%
FT%$()0A606A
;$M




MJ*+X0%J$=


95APHY6C*E#*C6%\K

MW2242D

^A-^+
SI#@PI*.0&=*





D0Y6B\0E:*88EPAJHVBC4[H
M#73)]I\JA37'SXX1N=G1-6H;5AR8':
I^KU$F;XRT4LH1U0(4L=M@I)BA:@V

VAQ^RV*=.NG*T:$TM*9B?6X3$\G

MH50_I:#DK&(TL/\6Q1
.;7C#OO_\NEMQFZ#F1$:N[OQI)DOUUQT+Z559K
=3
8N.]8;5:LV%^P+*0+-B(N
MV.5\Y;_XF(OE_HIMW:?(@K.*3<G.9P5OU=8#SFQHZ8HN6T0=W-!1':2]3^<
XHL^*K8%-<LO8KG)K1ZP)<-;.@P
M=



MKXXH3Z:D!`M$)2I6B&JC:*/@.YF!*&#'LHHH;-3:_.+)$4L-#.=HR@SGB'B(
MC2?T%7&W

@H]._)JUC


(9:%T*YGH
M)90C*@2I3E!04JP0U0;9P-!J8`+C1])9N^9UL.*F_XC2X7M=((G;:+87T)L

C\/%UHEKL*D)

M0+G5T
&)R`SHA7_Y;K..4@

^DBB^0^S8/G.*M8
7RW

M'%OK*7J@6*'YVMBR40B[[PNBP)OUE-*[=41V;1W[9S
LU?^F``NEN3\#D@
I
MDND4E7A-R5`%:K4F)B3CT66]0I2WJX4P-QK]DP
1ZQ^.(J7[8&%M(TQ/
.T!
M:2XB_8VP2-$EM.$3IAQ6PL3A:`F/$$3DE$
79=^+](^_\0B[#F&V]J;NU&TC


M'P.A*+

M#Q[PM+95I8GO9'BVK50J.`I]=
`%MUC.L

TO^J


F`4(JWK`A+VY#H@;ZS'N+77^V]ZN'2L

#NI-VP&-7+L9
7[R8NL



M[!!$JG?49O3=OV.^W/0!.P2Q-C1]\%V9Z8-9[X50&CHO!'8(0Q?BDA4ZC[YD
MG;E#&'
'8[*ENYKCVD]31LMZJSI*J16=\@,JKJU)BL=534PJFK0I7`HZK6

M%J=4(E4G
`HG
`HG
`HG
`HG
`HG
`HG
`HG
`HG
`HG
`HG


M



MFB9?#)3]J(D7)1UNR]!

CRCZKE0A^;IDE!S3V9'9D]


$;9\&*4#(\H


MAE/*
3BE'(-3RO$Y3BG'_4Y=BD
_K5/\QI:/VW(SOB.SBZ/_Z4;*/*L.C.\H

MZC)*@309'3AHG@1YWZTS2T][*$\M2^.L8X1&*?7\A^9A8)2IUIJDA5(%C&98

MN;^:\R;
8L-3)8L


Q9)1Q]IH\
M%!V



.VT-R5STRYK
M=]

OIKF(UN#_&@U'WR:4Y7$!Y@=EP?13^=DS7)W0)]%=1NCZA2Z_
NZ3SK9


NM-


M@```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`&J:NU%$$P``M6D``!D```!X;]W;W)K



TME^_/CUNDNWC


C:AW^`_

_+V^4M

=/7_;?




ZY=*-TGUO-*=L
1C%]%SUX/1$$L@*9`,2`ZD`%(J8#40!H@

M%P1
6;L!T\3J84`2(F0#$@.I`!2`JF`U$`:(V0SB9.P&BA=4'`E+4;L)[


=
MK@]Q'E29Y`
9]U



E$._3[!UJL<A/?JXTH


-EH_F`UNI,274*6C\-40V0**-ID8J1909


]T4`

5ST2L[+C3BWNTUN=+G`B
M52ASD;(U






M)HQ




R6N-*-'(R6&]EH4R+)@C*EK
M1%1AP1I1@P5;1)U3T(W?7[*!G^(&7B/G\7R\%*]EKKF@20`)(XKNL%K%S0[+









Z9I/GZ1V7&O'O

MP'OJFFHIG9*/?H6O8VDI,-PR-G(5Z6C;Q5*MTJ'3U`8R%?E6HV\E6I82-O
ME5I1I6-':BPT4B5WT-+(=@:M7(:?=Z2F\J/(W(SLP:RM:-GFZ2R]D7W(IJ4L



7;31^2F8




MOQ^[0O=(G^L^=H6J19]8/G:%[I$R!UZAQYPK]203K]!#R55Y]`H]0ERU1Z\D
\6/L_W30Q<;#/?9EOAC<

M7\K
4=0[?(@^D0Q!FTIE73]:^XLUQ=[8CE

NQ06X(?QS;.


9*.E6Y/[7$BXR51B*4S)`^P*\J
M37[EZ%L9LCQ9+LDZM7^L#U^A!)*6*]'TFHL=6)*%JF6EL_!(
;63H7RY%7?


MS.73
QD#+'/E:V`'OX!@CR#M\'&K/X9I6&YN*?@+-URJ[Z(K.R1LX].;)K



MZ'I#4/4:1;VFBMY9D1$(/?;

M.&3(2\5K`0U[J^*#3*#C_4=6RJK*#'WA$XJ0+&8LYR*J]`-G]'D-4.81@*

9&KRH.OR0%EY
2E\=

M;


MFN[X5!Y$P&]-H4!GMZPG[0
%ST8X9:ATR\2!N

MZ+4_(


M#+=YC6]1;]LQT8K[/P$``/__`P!02P















M``]E=JY%!P``\R(``!D`````````````````]#

O

2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`VD\F.





[4S





M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`:SJEWE@
``-4+```9``````````````````YC


S`P``.0D``!D`





``(L+```9````````

M:&5E='


M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!I#X[M3@0``*H/```9`````````````````
2K``!X

```1?```#0`````````````````.MP``


&UL4$L!`BT`



YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`2YP)K'H``:


&`









M:&5E=#@V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#\(HR^5@
``#
*```9````````





O

M!@`(````(0Z^CL5JA0``(QT```9`````````````````&CY`0!X;]W;W)K




BYX;6Q0

M

`38WF7`@``R@8``!D`````````````



L```9````







M(0#HAQ#\;PD``

M+W-H965T.YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`)A(+OBP)``!H-@``&```````

M``@````A`/9`Z&V=

M&0````````````````!I!@

M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!Q8S7Q+`T``$!$```9`````````````````-XK`P!X

M```%/`




@0

M=#0U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!KAK6_$P
``/D(```9````````````






J!#@``M$@``!D`````````




M``!5&@``&0`````````````````H^@



X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`
M!@`(````(0!
-JWA`D``/HJ```9`````````````````#U2!`!X;]W;W)K






)'```#9X$````
`
end











    
  
      

In Thousands
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        

012
        

418
        

688
        


        

489
        

697
        

209
        


        

523
        

721
        

479
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative

373
        

599
        

506
        


        

528
        

933
        

035
        


        
        
        

334
        

350
        


        

326
        

360
        
        
        


        

560
        

132
        
        
        


        

787
        

358
        

891
        


        

264)
        

637)
        

588
        


Interest expense
 net

925
        

976
        

918
        


        

189)
        

613)
        

670
        


        

957)
        

723
        

103
        


        

232)
        

336)
        

567
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

813
        

692
        

577
        


        

813
        

692
        

233
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      
        

      



              
              







        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

(2)
 Financial Instruments


 the Company entered into three interest rate swap agreements in
 accordance with Company policy to mitigate the impact of London
 Interbank Offered Rate (&#x201C;LIBOR&#x201D;) based interest expense
 fluctuations on Company profitability. These swap agreements
 with
 a total hedged notional amount of $100 million
 were entered into
 to hedge future cash interest payments associated with a portion of
 the Company&#x2019;s variable rate bank debt. The Company has
 designated these swaps as cash flow hedges of future cash flows
 associated with its variable rate debt. All effective changes in
 the fair value of the designated swaps are recorded in other
 comprehensive income (loss) and are released to interest income or
 expense on a monthly basis as the hedged debt payments are accrued.
 Ineffective changes
 if any
 are recognized in interest income or
 expense immediately. For fiscal 2012
 the Company recognized other
 comprehensive income of $0.6 million based on the change in fair
 value of the swap agreements and no hedge ineffectiveness for these
 swap agreements was recognized in interest income or expense over
 the same period. As of July&#xA0;31
 2012
 all swaps had
 matured.


 Diamond closed an agreement to recapitalize its balance sheet with
 an investment by Oaktree Capital Management
 L.P.
 (&#x201C;Oaktree&#x201D;). The Oaktree investment initially consisted
 of $225 million of newly-issued senior notes and a warrant to
 purchase approximately 4.4&#xA0;million shares of Diamond common
 stock. Oaktree&#x2019;s warrant became exercisable at $10 per share
 on March&#xA0;1
 2013. The warrant is accounted for as a derivative
 liability and is remeasured at fair value each reporting period
 with gains and losses recorded in net income.


 the Company entered into an interest rate cap agreement in
 accordance with Company policy to mitigate the impact of
 LIBOR-based interest expense fluctuations on Company profitability.
 This swap agreement had a total notional amount of $100 million and
 was entered into to mitigate the interest rate impact of the
 Company&#x2019;s variable rate bank debt. The Company accounts for
 the interest rate cap as a non-hedging derivative.


 2013
 the Company purchased 164 corn call option commodity
 derivatives.&#xA0;This purchase is in accordance with Company
 policy to mitigate the market price risk associated with the
 anticipated raw material purchase requirements of the Company. This
 agreement had a total notional amount of approximately $0.3 million
 and was entered into to mitigate the market price risk of future
 corn purchases expected to be made by the Company. The Company
 accounts for commodity derivatives as non-hedging
 derivatives.


 quarterly period ended July&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company sold 42 corn
 call options commodity derivatives. The amount of loss recognized
 in income associated with this sale was $0.1 million. As of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Company has 122 corn call option commodity
 derivatives.

 &#xA0;


 values of the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013
 and July&#xA0;31
 2012 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Liability
 Derivatives

 
 
 
Fair
 Value
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Derivatives designated as
 hedging instruments under ASC 815:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Commodity
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
(58
147
 
 
 
(46
821
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instrument under ASC 815

 
 
 
 
(58
118
 
 
 
(46
328
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total
 derivatives

 
 
 
 
(58
118
 
 
 
(46
328
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 of the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for&#xA0;fiscal 2013 and&#xA0;2012 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 Hedging Relationships

 
 


 Portion)
 
 
 



 Portion)
 
 



 Portion)
 
 
 




 Portion)
 
 




 Portion)
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 Hedging Instruments under ASC 815

 


Location

 in Income on Derivative

 
Amount of Income


 Derivative
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Commodity
 contracts

 
Selling
&#xA0;general&#xA0;and&#xA0;administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
Loss on warrant
 liability
 
 
(11
326
 
 
 
(10
360
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
(11
570
 
 
 
(10
221
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be
 measured using the following three levels of inputs:

Level
 1
 or liabilities

Level
 2
 are corroborated by market data

Level
 3
 data

Assets and
 Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring
 Basis


 Company&#x2019;s cash equivalents measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis were nil as of July&#xA0;31
 2013. There were cash
 equivalents of $1.5 million as of July&#xA0;31
 2012. These
 investments were classified as Level 1 based on quoted prices in
 active markets for identical assets
 to value the cash
 equivalents.

 &#xA0;


 Company&#x2019;s derivative assets (liabilities) measured at fair
 value on a recurring basis were $0 million and $0.5 million as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company has elected
 to use the income approach to value the derivative liabilities
 using observable Level 2 market expectations at the measurement
 date and standard valuation techniques to convert future amounts to
 a single present amount assuming that participants are motivated
 but not compelled to transact. Level 2 inputs for the valuations
 are limited to quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in
 active markets (specifically futures contracts on LIBOR for the
 first two years) and inputs other than quoted prices that are
 observable for the asset or liability (specifically LIBOR cash and
 swap rates). Mid-market pricing is used as a practical expedient
 for fair value measurements. Under Accounting Standards
 Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 820

 Measurements and Disclosures

 of an asset or liability must reflect the nonperformance risk of
 the entity and the counterparty. Therefore
 the impact of the
 counterparty&#x2019;s creditworthiness when in an asset position and
 the Company&#x2019;s creditworthiness when in a liability position
 has also been factored into the fair value measurement of the
 derivative instruments.


 Company&#x2019;s warrant liability measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis was $58.1 million and $46.8 million as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company has elected
 to use the income approach to value the warrant liability and uses
 the Black-Scholes option valuation model. This valuation is
 considered Level 3 due to the use of certain unobservable inputs.
 Inputs into the Black-Scholes model include: remaining term
 stock
 price
 strike price
 maturity date
 risk-free rate
 and expected
 volatility. The significant Level 3 unobservable inputs used in the
 valuation are shown below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Probability of Special
 Redemption

 
 
 
 
 
 




 the valuation model
 small increases or decreases in the expected
 volatility could result in a significantly higher or lower fair
 value measurement. Based on the Company&#x2019;s operating results
 for the six months ended January&#xA0;31
 2013
 the Special
 Redemption did not occur. The Company recognized a loss for fiscal
 2013
 related to the warrant liability due to changes in the fair
 value of the warrant.


 is a reconciliation of activity for fiscal 2013 liabilities
 measured at fair value based on Level&#xA0;3 inputs:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Warrant
 Liability
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Beginning
 Balance

 
 
(46
821
 
 
 
 
 

 

Transfers out of Level
 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Included in
 earnings

 
 
(11
326
 
 
 
(10
360
 



Purchases
 issuances
 sales and settlements

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(36
461
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Ending
 Balance

 
 
(58
147
 
 
 
(46
821
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total amount of gains or
 losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held
 at the reporting date

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Assets and
 Liabilities Disclosed at Fair Value


 value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term
 obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
 amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information
 available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and
 terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the Oaktree
 debt.


 table presents the carrying value and fair value of our outstanding
 Oaktree debt as of July&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
121
266
 
 
 
150
295
 
 
 
103
295
 
 
 
103
203
 

 

Redeemable
 Note

 
 
89
660
 
 
 
75
147
 
 
 
81
686
 
 
 
51
601
 




 value of the notes was estimated using a discounted cash flow
 approach. The discounted cash flow approach uses a risk adjusted
 yield to present value the contractual cash flows of the notes. The
 fair value of the notes would be classified as Level 3 within the
 fair value measurement hierarchy. The Company applies a fair value
 method for accounting for the paid-in-kind interest on the Oaktree
 debt.&#xA0;Under this method
 the Company adjusts the interest
 expense based on fair value of the Oaktree debt. Accordingly
 while
 interest expense recognition on Oaktree debt would be at the
 contractual rate
 the Company will account for the related interest
 expense based on the fair value of the Oaktree debt at every
 interest payment date and reporting period end.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

(16)
 Quarterly Financial Information (unaudited)

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 



Year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
258
462
 
 
 
220
844
 
 
 
184
905
 
 
 
199
801
 



Gross profit
 (1)

 
 
58
546
 
 
 
50
569
 
 
 
43
350
 
 
 
53
058
 

 

Operating expenses
 (2)

 
 
54
742
 
 
 
25
935
 
 
 
45
230
 
 
 
197
880
 



Net income
 (loss)

 
 
(10
729
 
 
 
10
141
 
 
 
(15
582
 
 
 
(147
062
 

 

Basic earnings (loss) per
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Basic shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
21
753
 
 
 
21
781
 
 
 
21
819
 
 
 
21
905
 

 

Diluted earnings (loss)
 per share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
21
753
 
 
 
23
215
 
 
 
21
819
 
 
 
21
905
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 



Year ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2012

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
287
393
 
 
 
262
351
 
 
 
207
685
 
 
 
223
989
 



 

 
 
61
307
 
 
 
41
922
 
 
 
34
228
 
 
 
42
264
 

 

Operating expenses
 (3)

 
 
59
385
 
 
 
58
033
 
 
 
51
796
 
 
 
61
144
 



Net income
 (loss)

 
 
10
801
 
 
 
(20
184
 
 
 
(44
017
 
 
 
(32
936
 

 

Basic earnings (loss) per
 share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Basic shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
21
668
 
 
 
21
724
 
 
 
21
752
 
 
 
21
733
 

 

Diluted earnings (loss)
 per share

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Diluted shares (in
 thousands)

 
 
22
567
 
 
 
21
724
 
 
 
21
752
 
 
 
21
733
 



 &#xA0;

 
 
A change in the cost of
 inventories sold during the previous quarters in the fiscal year
 results in a pre-tax increase or decrease in cost of sales. Diamond
 routinely revises its estimate for expected walnut costs to reflect
 changes in market conditions and other factors. In the quarter
 ended July&#xA0;31
 2013
 the prior period cost of sales adjustment
 for changes in walnut prices was $0.4 million.&#xA0;This was the
 result of a reduction in walnut prices in the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013 due to a credit from the Walnut Marketing Board. There
 were no such changes in estimates in the quarters ended
 January&#xA0;31
 2013 and April&#xA0;30
 2013.



 
 
In the fourth quarter of
 fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded settlement costs associated with
 the private securities class action in the aggregate amount of
 $96.1 million. Refer to Note 17 to the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further detail. Additionally
 the Company
 recorded asset impairment charges of $37.6 million related to brand
 intangibles and customer contracts and related relationships. Refer
 to Note 6 to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.



 
 
Includes acquisition and
 integration related expenses of $0.7 million
 $11.3 million
 $12.1
 million and $17.2 million for the quarters ended July&#xA0;31
 2012
&#xA0;April&#xA0;30
 2012
&#xA0;January&#xA0;31
 2012 and
 October&#xA0;31
 2011
 respectively.


 




        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

100
000
        
        


        

400
000
        
        


        
        
        

447
000


        

300
000

600
000
        


        

000
000
        
        


        

600
000
        
        


        

500
000
        
        


Unrecognized tax benefits
 potential benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate on earnings

000

000

100
000


        

000

000

000


        
        
        

000


Potential reduction in total unrecognized tax benefits
 maximum

400
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

500
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


State tax credits
 Expiration year
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Expiration Year
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense
 year one

700
000
        
        


Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense
 year two

700
000
        
        


Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense
 year three

700
000
        
        


Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense
 year four

700
000
        
        


Identifiable intangible asset amortization expense
 year five

700
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000

100
000


Brand intangibles
 impairments

000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


Customer contracts and related relationships
 impairments

560
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 weighted average cost of capital (WACC)
 cost of capital
 cost of equity and cost of debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

(10)
 Fishers Facility Closure


 October&#xA0;25
 2012
 Diamond announced a plan to consolidate its
 manufacturing operations within the Nuts reportable segment
 and to
 close its facility in Fishers
 Indiana. Certain manufacturing
 equipment at Fishers has been relocated to Diamond&#x2019;s facility
 in Stockton
 California. During fiscal 2012
 Diamond recorded asset
 impairment charges of $10.1 million associated with Fishers
 equipment that was not moved to the Stockton facility. The fair
 value of the equipment was determined by management utilizing a
 combination of price quotes and a discounted cash flow analysis.
 Within selling
 general and administrative expenses
 the Company
 recorded severance expense for the twelve months ended
 July&#xA0;31
 2013
 of $1.2 million related to Fishers employees.
 The Company has made payments of $1.0 million related to severance
 expense in the twelve months ended July&#xA0;31
 2013.


 2013
 the Company accelerated the remaining useful lives of
 leasehold and building improvement assets at the Fishers facility
 to correspond with the estimated cease use date
 and recorded
 additional depreciation expense of $0.9 million
 respectively
 within selling
 general and administrative expenses. In fiscal
 2013
 the Company also classified approximately $0.7 million of
 assets as held for sale. The Company sold these assets in fiscal
 2013 for a gain of $0.3 million.


 recorded an additional charge of $4.9 million associated with the
 Fishers facility future lease obligations in the third quarter of
 fiscal 2013 when the cease-use date occurred
 within selling
 general and administrative expenses. This charge included an
 estimate of sublease rental income. The future cash lease and
 maintenance related payments made by the Company will reduce this
 liability. As of July&#xA0;31
 2013 the Company has outstanding
 $4.6 million associated with the Fishers facility future lease
 obligation. As of July&#xA0;31
 2013
 the exit of the Fishers
 facility is complete.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


















        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Average expected life
 in years
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 minimum
        
        
        


Expected volatility
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 minimum
        
        
        


Risk-free interest rate
 maximum
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Average expected life
 in years
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Average expected life
 in years
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      


















        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

637

868
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

323

258


        
        
        
        


        

366)

838
        


        

976)
        
        


        

203

637

868


        
        
        
        


        

671

451
        


        

652
        
        


        

440
        
        


        

976)
        
        


        

787

671

451


        

416)

966)
        






        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

996

269
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

758

996

269


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

758)

996)
        




        
          

        
          
            

 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those attributed to years of service already rendered.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

937

047


        

860)

449)


        

077

598



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

678

204






        
        


        
        
        


        

926

981



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

333

862




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Paragraph 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


 and funded status of the remaining benefit plans at July&#xA0;31
 were:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 


Change in
 Benefit Obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year

 
 
30
637
 
 
 
26
868
 
 
 
1
996
 
 
 
2
269
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
323
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Plan
 amendments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Actuarial loss
 (gain)

 
 
(4
366
 
 
 
2
838
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(5
976
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Benefit obligation at end
 of year

 
 
21
203
 
 
 
30
637
 
 
 
1
758
 
 
 
1
996
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 


Change in
 Plan Assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year

 
 
14
671
 
 
 
14
451
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Actual return on plan
 assets

 
 
1
652
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Employer
 contribution

 
 
5
440
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Plan participants&#x2019;
 contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(5
976
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year

 
 
15
787
 
 
 
14
671
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Funded status at end of
 year

 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(15
966
 
 
 
(1
758
 
 
 
(1
996
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        


 (liabilities) recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at
 July&#xA0;31 consisted of:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Current
 liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
865
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Noncurrent
 liabilities

 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(10
101
 
 
 
(1
612
 
 
 
(1
890
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(5
416
 
 
 
(15
966
 
 
 
(1
758
 
 
 
(1
996
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        


 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (pre-tax) as
 of July&#xA0;31 consisted of:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Net loss
 (gain)

 
 
5
771
 
 
 
12
026
 
 
 
(4
270
 
 
 
(4
686
 

 

Prior service
 cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
5
771
 
 
 
12
026
 
 
 
(4
270
 
 
 
(4
686
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        


 for pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess
 of plan assets as of July&#xA0;31 was as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Projected benefit
 obligation

 
 
21
203
 
 
 
30
637
 

 

Accumulated benefit
 obligation

 
 
21
203
 
 
 
30
637
 



Fair value of plan
 assets

 
 
15
787
 
 
 
14
671
 



 


        
        


 net periodic benefit cost (income) for the fiscal years ended
 July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
323
 
 
 
1
258
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected return on plan
 assets

 
 
(1
006
 
 
 
(1
134
 
 
 
(1
031
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Amortization of prior
 service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Amortization of net
 (gain) loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Settlement
 cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Curtailment
 cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Net periodic benefit cost
 / (income)

 
 
1
145
 
 
 
1
155
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 rates for medical plans were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Health care cost trend
 rate assumed for next year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate to which the cost
 trend rate assumed to decline (the ultimate trend rate)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Year the rate reaches
 ultimate trend rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 


        
        


 one-percentage-point change in assumed health care cost trend rates
 would have the following effects:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 Increase
 
 
 


 Decrease
 



Effect on total of
 service and interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Effect on post-retirement
 benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 


        
        


 value of pension plan assets by asset category are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair Value
 Measurements at July&#xA0;31
 2013
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Level
 1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Asset
 Category:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cash and cash
 equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Mutual funds &#x2014;
 equity:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
793
 
 
 
5
793
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
185
 
 
 
2
185
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Mutual funds &#x2014;
 debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
626
 
 
 
1
626
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
402
 
 
 
5
402
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
15
787
 
 
 
15
506
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fair Value
 Measurements at July 31
 2012
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Level
 1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Asset
 Category:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cash and cash
 equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Mutual funds &#x2014;
 equity:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
5
602
 
 
 
5
602
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
978
 
 
 
1
978
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Mutual funds &#x2014;
 debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
2
078
 
 
 
2
078
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
4
039
 
 
 
4
039
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
14
671
 
 
 
14
354
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        


 future benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as
 appropriate
 expected to be paid are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 Benefits
 
 
 
 Benefits
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

2019 &#x2014;
 2023

 
 
5
026
 
 
 
 
 



 



          

        


        
        


 obligations at July&#xA0;31 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 



          

        


        
        


 benefit cost for the fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Pension
 Benefits
 
 
Other
 Benefits
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Expected long-term return
 on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Rate of compensation
 increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately the assets and current and noncurrent liabilities (if applicable) recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


 values of the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments as of
 July&#xA0;31
 2013
 and July&#xA0;31
 2012 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


Liability
 Derivatives

 
 
 
Fair
 Value
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Derivatives designated as
 hedging instruments under ASC 815:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total derivatives
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Derivatives not
 designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Commodity
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
(58
147
 
 
 
(46
821
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total derivatives not
 designated as hedging instrument under ASC 815

 
 
 
 
(58
118
 
 
 
(46
328
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total
 derivatives

 
 
 
 
(58
118
 
 
 
(46
328
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 of the Company&#x2019;s derivative instruments on the Consolidated
 Statements of Operations&#xA0;for fiscal 2013 and&#xA0;2012 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 Hedging Relationships

 
 


 Portion)
 
 
 



 Portion)
 
 



 Portion)
 
 
 




 Portion)
 
 




 Portion)
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Interest rate
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Foreign currency
 contracts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 
 Hedging Instruments under ASC 815

 


Location

 in Income on Derivative

 
Amount of Income


 Derivative
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Commodity
 contracts

 
Selling
&#xA0;general&#xA0;and&#xA0;administrative
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest rate
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Foreign currency
 contracts

 
Interest
 expense
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
Loss on warrant
 liability
 
 
(11
326
 
 
 
(10
360
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
(11
570
 
 
 
(10
221
 


 
 
 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 significant Level 3 unobservable inputs used in the valuation are
 shown below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Expected
 volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Probability of Special
 Redemption

 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        


 is a reconciliation of activity for fiscal 2013 liabilities
 measured at fair value based on Level&#xA0;3 inputs:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Warrant
 Liability
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Beginning
 Balance

 
 
(46
821
 
 
 
 
 

 

Transfers out of Level
 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Total gains or (losses)
 (realized/unrealized)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Included in
 earnings

 
 
(11
326
 
 
 
(10
360
 



Purchases
 issuances
 sales and settlements

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(36
461
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Ending
 Balance

 
 
(58
147
 
 
 
(46
821
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total amount of gains or
 losses for the period included in earnings attributable to the
 change in unrealized gains or losses relating to assets still held
 at the reporting date

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


        
        


 table presents the carrying value and fair value of our outstanding
 Oaktree debt as of July&#xA0;31
 2013:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
121
266
 
 
 
150
295
 
 
 
103
295
 
 
 
103
203
 

 

Redeemable
 Note

 
 
89
660
 
 
 
75
147
 
 
 
81
686
 
 
 
51
601
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 and a discussion of changes in valuation techniques and related inputs
 if any
 applied during the period to each separate class of assets
 liabilities
 and financial instruments classified in shareholders' equity that are measured on a recurring and/or nonrecurring basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets)
 and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs) by class of liability.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to
 identification of terms
 features
 and collateral requirements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

Basis
 of Presentation


 accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;). Certain prior period amounts in Note 13 to
 the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements have been
 reclassified to conform to the current period presentation. There
 was no impact to the totals for each prior period reclassification
 made.
 


        
        

Use of
 Estimates


 preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
 GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
 affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the consolidated
 financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results
 could differ materially from these estimates.


 basis
 the Company evaluates its estimates
 including those related
 to revenue recognition and accounts receivables
 inventories
 useful lives of property
 plant and equipment
 valuation of
 long-lived assets
 intangible assets and goodwill
 employee
 benefits
 among others. The Company bases its estimates on
 historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
 believed to be reasonable
 the results of which form the basis for
 management&#x2019;s judgments about the carrying values of assets
 and liabilities.
 


        
        

Certain
 Risks and Concentrations


 Company&#x2019;s revenues are principally derived from the sale of
 snack products and culinary
 in-shell and ingredient nuts.
 Significant changes in customer buying behavior could adversely
 affect the Company&#x2019;s operating results. Sales to the
 Company&#x2019;s largest customer accounted for approximately 16%
 18% and 15% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Sales to the second largest customer accounted for
 approximately 9%
 12% and 11% of net sales in fiscal 2013
 2012 and
 2011
 respectively. No other single customer accounted for more
 than 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2013
 2012 or 2011.
 


        
        

 


 accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts
 of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany balances and transactions have been
 eliminated.
 


        
        

Foreign
 Currency Translation


 functional currency of the Company&#x2019;s foreign operations is
 the applicable local currency
 the British pound. The functional
 currency is translated into U.S. dollars for balance sheet accounts
 using currency exchange rates in effect as of the balance sheet
 date and for revenue and expense accounts using an average exchange
 in effect during the applicable period. The translation adjustments
 are deferred as a separate component of Stockholders&#x2019; equity
 in Accumulated other comprehensive income. Translation adjustments
 recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income were $4.6
 million and $10.3 million as of July&#xA0;31
 2013 and
 July&#xA0;31
 2012
 respectively.
 


        
        

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents


 equivalents include investment of surplus cash in securities
 (primarily money market funds) with maturities at date of purchase
 of three months or less. At July&#xA0;31
 2013
 we had a total of
 $5.9 million in cash and cash equivalents. Of this balance
 $2.6
 million was held in the United Kingdom in foreign currencies. It is
 our intention to indefinitely reinvest all current and future
 foreign earnings at these locations in order to ensure sufficient
 working capital and expand operations.
 


        
        

 


 inventories are accounted for at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out or weighted average) or market. The Company has entered
 into walnut purchase agreements with growers
 under which they
 deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season
 and
 pursuant to the walnut purchase agreements
 the Company determines
 the price for this inventory after delivery and by the end of the
 fiscal year. This purchase price is determined by us based on our
 discretion provided in the agreements
 taking into account market
 conditions
 crop size
 and quality and nut varieties
 among other
 relevant factors. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid will
 be determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 the Company
 estimates the final purchase price for our interim financial
 statements. Those interim estimates may subsequently change due to
 changes in the factors described above and the effect of the change
 could be significant. Any such changes in estimates are accounted
 for in the period of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost
 of goods sold if the inventory is sold through.
 


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        

Property
 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation and
 amortization are computed using the straight-line method over the
 estimated useful lives of assets ranging from 30 to 39 years for
 buildings and ranging from 3 to 15 years for machinery
 equipment
 and software.
 


        
        

Slotting and Other Contractual
 Arrangements


 situations
 the Company pays slotting fees to retail customers to
 acquire access to shelf space. These payments are recognized as a
 reduction of sales. In addition
 the Company makes payments
 pursuant to contracts that stipulate the term of the agreement
 the
 quantity and type of products to be sold and other requirements.
 Payments pursuant to these agreements are capitalized and included
 in other current and long-term assets
 and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over the term of the contract. If no
 arrangement exists
 the Company records payments as a reduction to
 gross sales to arrive at net sales.
 


        
        

Impairment of Long-Lived and Intangible Assets and
 Goodwill


 reviews long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangible
 assets with finite lives for impairment in accordance with
 Accounting Standards Codification (&#x201C;ASC&#x201D;) 360

 Plant
.&#x201D;
 Goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization are
 reviewed annually for impairment in accordance with ASC 350


 more often if there are indications of possible
 impairment.


 to determine whether or not an asset is impaired requires
 significant judgments that are dependent on internal forecasts
 including estimated future cash flows
 estimates of long-term
 growth rates for our business
 the expected life over which cash
 flows will be realized and assumed royalty and discount rates.
 Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect
 the determination of fair value and any impairment charge. While
 the fair value of these assets exceeds their carrying value based
 on management&#x2019;s current estimates and assumptions
 materially
 different estimates and assumptions in the future in response to
 changing economic conditions
 changes in the business
 increased
 competition or loss of market share
 product innovation or
 obsolescence
 product claims that result in a significant loss of
 sales or profitability over the product life or for other reasons
 could result in the recognition of impairment losses.


 be held and used
 including acquired intangible assets and
 long-lived assets subject to amortization
 the Company initiates a
 review whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable.
 Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its
 carrying amount to the expected future undiscounted cash flows that
 the asset is expected to generate. Any impairment to be recognized
 is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset
 exceeds its fair value. Significant management judgment is required
 in this process.


 tests its brand intangible assets not subject to amortization for
 impairment annually
 or whenever events or changes in circumstances
 indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. In
 testing brand intangibles for impairment
 Diamond compares the fair
 value with the carrying value. The determination of fair value is
 based on the relief from royalty method
 which models the cash
 flows from the brand intangibles assuming royalties were received
 under a licensing arrangement. This discounted cash flow analysis
 using inputs such as forecasted future revenues attributable to the
 brand
 assumed royalty rates and a risk-adjusted discount rate that
 approximates our estimated cost of capital. If the carrying value
 exceeds the estimated fair value
 the brand intangible asset is
 considered impaired and an impairment loss will be recognized in an
 amount equal to the excess of the carrying value over the fair
 value of the brand intangible asset. The Company performed the
 annual intangible asset impairment analysis as of June&#xA0;30
 2013 and determined that there was a $36.0 million impairment
 charge related to the Kettle U.S. trade name.


 performs its annual goodwill impairment test required by ASC 350 as
 of June&#xA0;30th of each year. As a result of the segment
 reporting changes for the period ended January&#xA0;31
 2013
 goodwill impairment will now be tested at the reporting units
 which are the same as the operating segments. In fiscal 2012
 the
 Company performed its goodwill impairment test at the single
 reporting unit. The fair value of each reporting unit will be
 calculated using a blend of the income and market approach.
 Goodwill impairment is indicated if the book value of the reporting
 unit exceeds its fair value
 in which case the goodwill is written
 down to its estimated fair value. Major assumptions applied in an
 income approach
 using a discounted cash flow analysis
 include
 (i)&#xA0;forecasted growth rates and (ii)&#xA0;forecasted
 profitability
 both of which are estimated based on consideration
 of historical performance and management&#x2019;s estimate of future
 performance
 and (iii)&#xA0;discount rates that are used to
 calculate the present value of future cash flows
 which rates are
 derived based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital.
 Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and
 assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The major
 assumptions in the market approach include the selected multiples
 applied to certain operating statistics
 such as revenues and
 income
 as well as an estimated control premium. Considerable
 management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of
 operating changes and business initiatives in order to estimate
 future growth rates and profitability which is used to estimate
 future cash flows and multiples. For example
 a significant change
 in promotional strategy or a shortfall in contracted walnut supply
 would have a direct impact on revenue growth and operating costs
 which would have a direct impact on the profitability of the
 reporting units.&#xA0;Future business results could significantly
 impact the evaluation of our goodwill which could have a material
 impact on the determination of whether a potential impairment
 existed
 and the size of any such impairment.
 


        
        

 


 incurs various employment-related benefit costs with respect to
 qualified and nonqualified pension and deferred compensation plans.
 Assumptions are made related to discount rates used to value
 certain liabilities
 assumed rates of return on assets in the
 plans
 compensation increases
 employee turnover and mortality
 rates. Different assumptions could result in the recognition of
 differing amounts of expense over different periods of
 time.
 


        
        

Revenue
 Recognition


 recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title and risk of loss has transferred to the buyer
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured.
 Revenues are recorded net of rebates
 introductory or slotting
 payments
 coupons
 promotion and marketing allowances. The amount
 the Company accrues for promotion is based on an estimate of the
 level of performance of the trade promotion
 which is dependent
 upon factors such as historical trends with similar promotions
 expectations regarding customer and consumer participation and
 sales and payment trends with similar previously offered programs.
 Customers have the right to return certain products. Product
 returns are estimated based upon historical results and are
 reflected as a reduction in sales.
 


        
        

 


 allowances
 customer rebates
 coupons and marketing allowances are
 recorded at the time the related revenue is recognized and are
 reflected as reductions of sales. Annual volume rebates
 promotion
 and marketing allowances are recorded based upon the terms of the
 arrangements. Coupon incentives are recorded at the time of
 distribution in amounts based on estimated redemption rates. The
 Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Payments to
 reimburse customers for cooperative advertising programs are
 recorded in accordance with ASC 605-50

 Recognition &#x2014; Customer Payments and Incentives
 Advertising expenses were $41.5 million in fiscal 2013
 $37.9
 million in fiscal 2012 and $45.0 million in fiscal 2011.
 Cooperative advertising expenses recorded within advertising
 expenses were $3.5 million
 $5.8 million
 and $6.2 million for
 fiscal 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
 


        
        

 


 billed to customers for shipping and handling costs are included in
 net sales. Shipping and handling costs are charged to cost of sales
 as incurred.
 


        
        

Acquisition and Integration Related
 Expenses


 and integration related expenses are costs incurred to effect a
 business combination and subsequently to integrate the acquired
 business into the Company.&#xA0;These expenses are shown as a
 separate line within operating expenses and are expensed as
 incurred. These expenses may include transaction related bank
 legal
 human resource
 purchase price valuation and business
 strategy consulting fees
 as well as business and systems
 integration costs.
 


        
        

Income
 Taxes


 accounts for income taxes in accordance with ASC 740
s.&#x201D; which requires that deferred tax
 assets and liabilities be recognized for the tax effect of
 temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement
 and tax basis of recorded assets and liabilities at current tax
 rates. This guidance also requires that deferred tax assets be
 reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that
 some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be
 realized. The recoverability of deferred tax assets is based on
 both the historical and anticipated earnings levels and is reviewed
 periodically to determine if any additional valuation allowance is
 necessary when it is more likely than not that amounts will not be
 recovered.


 inherent uncertainties related to the interpretations of tax
 regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
 Diamond may take tax positions that management believes are
 supportable
 but are potentially subject to successful challenge by
 the applicable taxing authority. Tax positions are evaluated and
 liabilities are established in accordance with the guidance on
 uncertainty in income taxes. Diamond reviews these tax
 uncertainties in light of changing facts and circumstances
 such as
 the progress of tax audits
 and adjusts them
 accordingly.
 


        
        

 


 accounts for the warrant issued as part of the Oaktree transaction
 as a freestanding derivative financial instrument. Diamond records
 derivative financial instruments at fair value in the
 Company&#x2019;s consolidated balance sheet at the point the
 transaction is entered into and at the end of all subsequent
 reporting periods. On a quarterly basis
 changes in the fair value
 of a derivative financial instrument are recorded in current period
 earnings.
 


        
        

Fair
 Value of Financial Instruments


 value of certain financial instruments
 including cash and cash
 equivalents
 trade receivables
 accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities approximate the amounts recorded in the balance sheet
 because of the relatively short-term nature of these financial
 instruments. The fair value of notes payable and long-term
 obligations at the end of each fiscal period approximates the
 amounts recorded in the balance sheet based on information
 available to Diamond with respect to current interest rates and
 terms for similar financial instruments
 except for the Oaktree
 investment.
 


        
        

 


 accounts for stock-based compensation arrangements
 including stock
 option grants and restricted stock awards
 in accordance with ASC
 718
.&#x201D;
 Under this guidance
 compensation cost is recognized based on the
 fair value of equity awards on the date of grant. The compensation
 cost is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the vesting
 period. The Black-Scholes option pricing model is used to determine
 the fair value of stock options at the date of grant. This model
 requires the Company to make assumptions such as expected term
 dividends
 volatility and forfeiture rates that determine the stock
 options fair value. These key assumptions are based on historical
 information and judgment regarding market factors and trends. If
 actual results are not consistent with the Company&#x2019;s
 assumptions and judgments used in estimating these factors
 the
 Company may be required to increase or decrease compensation
 expense
 which could be material to its results of
 operations.
 


        
        

Related
 Party Transactions


 2013 and fiscal 2012
 three and two members
 respectively
 of the
 Diamond Board of Directors were growers or affiliates of growers
 from whom Diamond purchased walnuts from in the ordinary course of
 business.&#xA0;In fiscal 2013
 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 costs
 associated with the acquisition of walnuts from these related
 parties were approximately $15.5 million for the 2012 crop
 $4.7
 million for the 2011 crop and $4.2 million for the 2010 crop
 respectively
 of which $4.4 million and $1.2 million were included
 in payables as of July&#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 


        
        

Recent
 Accounting Pronouncements


 May&#xA0;2011
 the FASB&#xA0;issued ASU No.&#xA0;2011-04

 Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure Requirements in U.S.
 GAAP and IFRSs.
 to describe many of the requirements in U.S. GAAP for measuring
 fair value and for disclosing information about fair value
 measurements. The guidance is effective for interim and annual
 periods beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2011. The Company has
 adopted this guidance and it did not have a material impact on its
 consolidated financial statements.


 June&#xA0;2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2011-05

 Comprehensive Income
 present the total of comprehensive income
 the components of net
 income and the components of other comprehensive income (OCI) in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change
 the components of OCI or when an item of OCI must be reclassified
 to net income
 or the earnings per share calculation. The guidance
 is effective for fiscal years and interim periods within those
 years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2011. Early adoption is
 permitted. The Company has adopted this guidance and it did not
 have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 2011
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2011-08

 Goodwill for Impairment.
 option to perform a qualitative assessment by applying a more
 likely than not scenario to determine whether the fair value of a
 reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 which may then
 allow a company to skip the annual two-step quantitative goodwill
 impairment test depending on the determination.&#xA0;This guidance
 is effective for goodwill impairment tests performed in interim and
 annual periods for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2011.&#xA0;Early adoption is permitted.&#xA0;The Company has
 adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a
 quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
 analysis.


 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2012-02

 Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment.
 new guidance provides the option to perform a qualitative
 assessment by applying a more likely than not scenario to determine
 whether the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. This
 guidance is effective for indefinite-lived intangible asset
 impairment tests performed in interim and annual periods for fiscal
 years beginning after September&#xA0;15
 2012. The Company has
 adopted this guidance
 but has elected to continue to perform a
 quantitative impairment analysis rather than a qualitative
 analysis.


 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-01

 210): Clarifying the Scope of Disclosures about Offsetting Assets
&#xA0;The new guidance clarifies the
 scope of the offsetting disclosures and addresses any unintended
 consequences as a result of ASU No.&#xA0;2011-11

 Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and
&#xA0;This guidance is effective for
 fiscal years beginning on or after January&#xA0;1
 2013
 and
 interim periods within those annual periods. An entity should
 provide the required disclosures retrospectively for all
 comparative periods presented. The Company will adopt this guidance
 during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the adoption will have
 a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.


 2013
 the FASB issued ASU No.&#xA0;2013-02
 &#x201C;Comprehensive

 220): Reporting of Amounts Reclassified Out of Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive Income.&#x201D;
 entity to report the effect of significant reclassifications out of
 accumulated other comprehensive income on the respective line items
 in net income if the amount being reclassified is required to be
 reclassified in its entirety to net income. For other amounts that
 are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 in the same reporting period
 an entity is required to
 cross-reference other disclosures required under GAAP that provide
 additional detail about those amounts. This guidance is effective
 for fiscal years beginning on or after December&#xA0;15
 2012
 and
 interim periods within those annual periods. The Company will adopt
 this guidance during fiscal 2014 and does not believe that the
 adoption will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.

 &#xA0;



 &#x201C;Presentation of an
 Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a
 Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward
 Exists.&#x201D;.&#xA0;
 specific financial statement presentation requirements of an
 unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a
 similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The guidance
 states that an unrecognized tax benefit in those circumstances
 should be presented as a reduction to the deferred tax asset. This
 guidance is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within
 those years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2013. Early adoption
 is permitted. The Company does not expect to early adopt this
 guidance and does not believe that the adoption of this guidance
 will have a material impact on its consolidated financial
 statements.
 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Policy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example
 the treatment accorded contingent consideration
 the identification of assets and liabilities
 the purchase price allocation process
 how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity
 and the rationale for that accounting policy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        

266

295


        

295

203



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

660

686


        

147

601




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Components of Earnings from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes
 by Tax Jurisdiction
        


 components of income (loss) before income taxes
 by tax
 jurisdiction
 are as follows for the fiscal years ended
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(152
337
 
 
 
(65
182
 
 
 
42
269
 

 

 

 
 
(23
852
 
 
 
(19
431
 
 
 
(12
599
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(176
189
 
 
 
(84
613
 
 
 
29
670
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 expense consisted of the following for the fiscal years ended
 July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(1
379
 
 
 
(2
388
 
 
 
7
250
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
(5
363
 
 
 
5
600
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
(1
545
 
 
 
(6
938
 
 
 
13
635
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
(9
231
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(3
389
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
13
624
 
 
 
(2
719
 



 

 
 
(1
441
 
 
 
(4
195
 
 
 
(4
424
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
(11
412
 
 
 
8
661
 
 
 
(10
532
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total tax
 provision

 
 
(12
957
 
 
 
1
723
 
 
 
3
103
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate of 35% to
 Diamond&#x2019;s effective income tax rate is as follows for the
 fiscal years ended July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Federal tax at statutory
 rate

 
 
(61
666
 
 
 
(29
615
 
 
 
10
385
 

 

State tax
 net of federal
 benefit

 
 
 
 
 
 
9
580
 
 
 
 
 



Net tax benefit of
 earnings at lower rates

 
 
(9
106
 
 
 
(9
727
 
 
 
(10
489
 

 

Accrual for uncertain tax
 positions

 
 
(1
458
 
 
 
(6
382
 
 
 
7
507
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Financing
 related

 
 
7
610
 
 
 
7
582
 
 
 
 
 



Domestic production
 activities deduction

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Impact of tax law
 changes

 
 
 
 
 
 
(2
453
 
 
 
(3
972
 



Impact of valuation
 allowance

 
 
52
124
 
 
 
31
937
 
 
 
 
 

 

Changes in
 estimates

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Income taxes
 (benefit)

 
 
(12
957
 
 
 
1
723
 
 
 
3
103
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 effect of temporary differences and net operating losses which give
 rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the
 following as of July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Year Ended
 July&#xA0;31

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Deferred tax
 assets:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
1
528
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
952
 
 
 
4
208
 

 

 

 
 
2
085
 
 
 
2
583
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Litigation
 Settlement

 
 
4
194
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
9
098
 
 
 
8
556
 



Valuation
 Allowance

 
 
(8
416
 
 
 
(4
900
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
3
656
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Litigation
 Settlement

 
 
32
460
 
 
 
 
 



State tax
 credits

 
 
8
346
 
 
 
7
883
 

 

Retirement
 benefits

 
 
2
224
 
 
 
4
092
 



Other comprehensive
 income

 
 
 
 
 
 
2
866
 

 

Net Operating
 Loss

 
 
75
880
 
 
 
38
191
 



Employee stock
 compensation benefits

 
 
5
253
 
 
 
5
790
 

 

 

 
 
1
071
 
 
 
1
953
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
125
806
 
 
 
60
775
 

 

Valuation
 Allowance

 
 
(90
890
 
 
 
(39
732
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total
 non-current

 
 
34
916
 
 
 
21
043
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Deferred tax
 liabilities:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Litigation
 Settlement

 
 
3
813
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
3
813
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Property
 plant and
 equipment

 
 
12
365
 
 
 
10
783
 

 

 

 
 
114
968
 
 
 
127
104
 



Unremitted
 Earnings

 
 
7
602
 
 
 
7
883
 

 

 

 
 
6
748
 
 
 
1
150
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total
 non-current

 
 
141
683
 
 
 
146
920
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total deferred taxes
 net

 
 
(109
898
 
 
 
(122
221
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net current deferred
 taxes

 
 
(3
131
 
 
 
3
656
 



Net non-current deferred
 taxes

 
 
(106
767
 
 
 
(125
877
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total deferred taxes
 net

 
 
(109
898
 
 
 
(122
221
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 


        
        


 reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of the gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Balance
 beginning of
 year

 
 
3
927
 
 
 
14
260
 
 
 
5
454
 

 

Tax position related to
 current year:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7
977
 

 

Tax positions related to
 prior years:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
1
125
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
(2
392
 
 
 
(11
210
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Statute of limitations
 closures

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Balance
 end of
 year

 
 
3
544
 
 
 
3
927
 
 
 
14
260
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 




        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        

600
000

300
000
        
        


        

885
000

291
000

112
000

642
000


Brand intangibles
 impairments

000
000
        
        
        


        

528
000

933
000

035
000
        


        

500
000

800
000

200
000
        


        
        

500
000

700
000

200
000


Costs associated with acquisition of walnuts from related parties
 included in payables

400
000

200
000
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

600
000
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Sales to the Company's largest customer on total net sales
 percentage
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Sales to the Company's largest customer on total net sales
 percentage
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Summary of Stock Option Activity (Detail) (Stock Options
 USD $)
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      



















          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Number of Shares

079
535

771
253

452
000
        


Granted
 Number of Shares

000

000

000
        


Exercised
 Number of Shares

000)

000)

000)
        


Cancelled
 Number of Shares

235
000)

000)

000)
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Number of Shares

457
076

079
535

771
253

452
000


Exercisable at end of period
 Number of Shares

074

448
000

235
000
        


        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at beginning of period
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Granted
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Exercised
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Cancelled
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of period
 Weighted average exercise price per share
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 weighted average remaining contractual life
        
        
        
        


Exercisable at end of period
 weighted average remaining contractual life
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Outstanding at end of period
 Aggregate intrinsic value

757
        

551

027


Exercisable at end of period
 Aggregate intrinsic value

220
        

756
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


 debt outstanding as of July&#xA0;31:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Secured Credit
 Facility

 
 
371
678
 
 
 
403
204
 

 

 

 
 
210
926
 
 
 
184
981
 



Guaranteed
 Loan

 
 
8
333
 
 
 
16
862
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total outstanding
 debt

 
 
590
937
 
 
 
605
047
 



Less: current
 portion

 
 
(5
860
 
 
 
(5
449
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total long-term
 debt

 
 
585
077
 
 
 
599
598
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 


        
        


 expense as of July&#xA0;31 :

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Secured Credit
 Facility

 
 
29
811
 
 
 
27
857
 
 
 
23
771
 

 

 

 
 
26
375
 
 
 
6
163
 
 
 
 
 



Guaranteed
 Loan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Interest
 income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Capitalized
 interest

 
 
 
 
 
 
(1
673
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
1
452
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 


 
 
 
57
925
 
 
 
33
976
 
 
 
23
918
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 




        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 interest income and expense from investments
 loans
 and securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

132
000
        
        
        
        
        


Selling
 general and administrative expenses

373
000

599
000

506
000
        
        

200
000
        


        
        
        
        
        
        

000
000
        


        

600
000

300
000

000
000
        
        
        

000


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
        
        
        


        

185
000
        
        
        

900
000
        
        


Lease obligations
 Outstanding
        
        
        

600
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        

910


        

101


        

991


        

577


        

511


        

059


        

149




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment - Additional Information (Detail) (USD $)

        

      














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

600
000

300
000

000
000


        
        

132
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        

326)

360)



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        

570)

221)



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        






        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]
        
        


        

326)

360)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











Deferred tax assets
 Current:
        
        


        
        

528


        
        
        


        

952

208


        

085

583


        
        
        


        

194
        


        
        
        


        

098

556


        

416)

900)


        
        

697


Deferred tax assets
 Non-current:
        
        


        

460
        


        

346

883


        

224

092


        
        

866


        

880

191


        

253

790


        

071

953


        

806

775


        

890)

732)


        
        

107


        
        
        


        

813
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Non-current:
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment

365

783


        

968

104


        

602

883


        

748

150


        

767

024


Total deferred taxes
 net

898)

221)


        
        
        


        

131)

656


        

767)

877)


Total deferred taxes
 net

898)

221)



          

        
        


Deferred tax assets
 Current:
        
        


        
        

656


Deferred tax assets
 Non-current:
        
        


        

916

043


        
        
        


        

813
        


Deferred tax liabilities
 Non-current:
        
        


        

683

920




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Receivables
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Tax Credit Carryforwards
 State
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        

      


































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

100
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

129
000)


        

600
000
        
        
        
        
        
        

560
000


        
        
        
        

000

300
000

100
000

200
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities. Such integration-costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Share data in Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        

      






 2013

          



 2013



          



 2013








 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
000


Common Stock
 issued
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

700
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

100
000


        

129
000
        
        
        
        


        
        

100
000
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000
        
        


        
        
        

900
000
        
        


        
        

400
000

500
000
        
        


        
        
        
        

600
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 insurance settlements related to fixed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 money orders
 and consumer payment service arrangements. Settlement liabilities include amounts payable to intermediaries for global payment transfers.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        

(17)
 Subsequent Events


 August&#xA0;21
 2013
 the Company reached a proposed agreement
 preliminary approval of which was granted on September&#xA0;26
 2013
 to settle the private securities class action that is pending
 against the Company and two of its former officers. A final
 approval hearing is currently scheduled for January&#xA0;9
 2014.
 Under the terms of the preliminarily approved settlement
 Diamond
 would pay a total of $11.0 million in cash and issue
 4.45&#xA0;million shares of common stock to a settlement fund to
 resolve all claims asserted on behalf of investors who purchased or
 otherwise acquired Diamond stock between October&#xA0;5
 2010 and
 February&#xA0;8
 2012. The shares will be included within the
 Company&#x2019;s earnings per share calculation in the first fiscal
 quarter of 2014. A portion of the $11.0 million in cash would be
 funded by Diamond&#x2019;s insurers. Pursuant to the preliminary
 approval motion
 the estimated value of the 4.45&#xA0;million
 shares of Diamond&#x2019;s common stock was valued at $85.1 million
 based on the closing market price of Diamond&#x2019;s common stock
 on the day before the preliminary approval motion
 August&#xA0;20
 2013. The value of the 4.45 million shares of common stock at July
 31
 2013 was $90.7 million. With respect to the 4.45&#xA0;million
 shares
 Diamond would have the ability to privately place
 or
 conduct a public offering of
 the shares with the consent of the
 lead plaintiff and its counsel
 prior to distribution of the
 settlement fund. In that event
 the settlement fund would include
 the proceeds of the offering in lieu of the settlement shares.
 Until the settlement shares are distributed
 the liability
 associated with the agreement to issue the settlement shares will
 be adjusted from period to period based on changes in the
 Company&#x2019;s stock price
 with the effect of the change included
 in the Company&#x2019;s statement of operations.


 settlement liability of $96.1 million was recognized by the Company
 in the fourth fiscal quarter and included a cash settlement of
 $11.0 million and a stock settlement valued at $85.1 million at the
 close of the stock market on August&#xA0;20
 2013 as set forth in
 the settlement preliminary approval motion. The total amount of
 director and officer liability coverage available under
 Diamond&#x2019;s insurance policies is $30 million. As of July 31
 2013
 insurers had paid approximately $12.9 million in insurable
 expenses. As of July 31
 2013
 Diamond had recorded a $15.5 million
 receivable
 $12.1 million which will be used for the settlement and
 other legal expenses and $3.4 million for the shareholder
 derivative settlement. In addition
 Diamond expects to receive $1.6
 million related to the shareholder derivative settlement in the
 first quarter of fiscal 2014 which will be recorded as a gain. The
 provision for settlement costs will be adjusted to reflect changes
 in the fair value of the securities until they are issued following
 final court approval of the Amended Stipulation of Settlement. A
 portion of the cash piece of the settlement will be paid by
 insurance. The additional shares of common stock would be
 antidilutive to the earnings per share calculation as of
 August&#xA0;20
 2013.
 




        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001193125-13-395367-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`&:'24-_@2=DOD(`%W])0`1`!P`9&UN9TR
#$S

2YX


M*=
$FNCOG-/GWHV?_O3T
.I]M469YMG[
W*.SWHV&^3#-+M[?S8I45(.TO2L
M5XZ3;)B
\LR^/WNVY=F??O[7?_GIWQ#J75_WPCS+[&ADGWM_&=B1+9*Q[7W(









&X/5RPAX



M2![AROBY-\BSL7T:7[M9VWS4OXJDU`)+A`@#!?H_H`!8__.7L(_[3EZQ9@0^

MQI4?`^*P(PT8-@RO





]
?ADQ[!0TG$RNK;_-TEA19%C`=S7TFF7!N4OJ9$7[FW&L*3N
MY[+^5YL4N\<1I$E0:RA[)M8&0ZBYX






T3D=77K(W&N7?7`]A2I]UD99^LFH:AS=FP#@
M/3JEQ66;;-PZ`9B)0AR:$/D11`/.7A8<600X4Q%)#3

M&O27[WIC76^IS
N#^
_O]PR:_CQOB7%\/*QBC26]
%+Y&$02F0%F/0E@)C_9CZ?O$
MA!A!%.MX?*<Y)R0FFX\/I6.QIJI_]TQ$QH2INOR'
LH\H@O$(;A$#%$$-8'
M7H@T]2)J-`1
/EM0G7!14]1=D^!H%(;(IDBS

3Z1.A4$@8


@L!5Q27R




M);

3I:EC;D';/V&D-:X;V^PKQ<6M8;%[#<E@-



W*`\[7.Q_6]%E[$
M**.11)@ZNI%8@(T&#TW$TF/8\
!70;_R/_$Y%@*_EC#JA`(=DOF`EM*3$19/

M6LO3=$Z#'Z&A9AOAC]904_'!12_JG/%_\H::W:6_*4[F5)@(APQAWXL1U_#)
MQ)&/`N(1T+
0O6CRDF96BE#!?IB.FJ7%]0\C_946


M69T/Q^LSF\L^




0CCES=S=8GY/TK#]JKAW




MS!2^RM77




#A+`[^+

ZG8@F]





GM][(K^[ZRX7=HO6HO

PT`=


M^V3(
VU;NS.2(6E\V5]_R&I)(_5%76JU6CTY)QML/+(TZH_%8I$L\J/WJJ8'


MF*B;KSS]H12
!MU.-'C[EW#=7P+PC



0H0@L0&
MXT`*




:E&I



M7!QO@!
(@@N*Q\8;?E_ELQ#.VN

IV)#*A

QS31]
M;W^AXDZH[@&`4SC]@07V:LHA%E*G


O3GJ




!W5CXE(3EORX^UH1O*(83`.*T0EVVRO0\2E(J
MC.`1$;%41






@:\Y0,-5L7@FX`=7M)
ML8](?P0^A6N44.FT






M+`B^

/Z(F;@`/SB*GWG6PXN&DM







M2`0CF!%C=:&W5`SM'RZ*WXDMG7^6;V4+YW2\ISGR]7^=


\I=
<E.\@]UQWZ-]<(^_
MYNH9)R&D(FF4&@A#4CC&






`.C;L=+T;@ZZM
M


M-7I*?RV?'CRC]]TF^_2IN


MY8Z8.`69I%P2ZU1


_0G2C&:_

M@8D

MS:M%OGQ:X6W[F*%'X&$CL

A6W\GQ
MB/(XR6E&A

UL


MHO(DX3I-3:2VC1''=6[G0CH6R-MB
\


MP)G#H7*@1N5+/O&Y7(]:8L



MD&

@F



M;IB


O!;6903&TM*0#21B1F-


TXIQHEH.78*PJFZ44LWF:1);1V'[8E\K4[CG/
M`-7:+GB%S

T:J
MUE


M_F*





!C-Q

+'+XJ^6H`Q+PX$;A3\7R_^^F8-/

M-/WT^#C+3[9+%A.L7@=+3.T7DS:8JFG]V0CD.R0N$[#O2YP[7.1#8#L)+
M=1A`YURM:/&0@L:YN\@T+=2NMC;YJ0.ZUIIC;&EH?Q_-\HBKL&WUQ!ZYN%VF

A$P:T\IR:J*L`V@-F;Y


M\RK]N/BVAC
QO5#_%6



M6F+2%1%4$BBKU+!TB6NCBSO^6MJ+%P:BDO5Q#5?+UVC:BZ/VNC+VA&*4OY*T






MWJ0



5T]+_.O='5LI2^4
(J0$
M(J1Q$D

%J$-\2&PY*@)!=/.XAU\WN('4ZA5
MU?L[#K+2R6-?(IY_P+9O7=F`0QW9@&_+VFB).GZPU))(2TFTCSV1+!*@()@B

0F(8'Q@@BE$V64#I55VU3ZVMR@



.SO-W[VW1Y![^8?.^L


96XZ172
?`/DRMD'/#0%/<VF&

M`8)AST^R15H!W%CT\L9LX.WY[HUCW5:KIX?'K
+D
S9GG\SN\)8$]FZM&1^V

MW[IAKM3-YFT

M`=
2)^ZZQ&E/8\V*?D#5D=V]`&\22RSBO0/3.1]/LOE%
83DO&Y^/;#''?R7

M3H01EENK_B.

5(I^ZR_@_

^;=NW5
3';.NB+
M#-


X:Q?5R(Y2F:FO?TJ
=@Q!RV*T+43MHF.T8T@7
M#HOJ1[Q:]0EQ./4MM//%+LB4?F$:;?T]E]`N`F9[:H1C3.Z*P6T;6I(*X7
ME$1A)(STBGCO
4V6A@0



)E#7GHBZ


]G/VDA9








MJBF^9YU(F-'$@%
'ZBW.YGU[0N



8:K?H;W
Y9.JC'?
M22=%U%
0;F*
M5(423G63X*!?V!
VYHQH.W0(*J\6K;;\=4+TI&4CSA9/4CF2W^_CV]_YY&

V7*T[+J5*L`&J-$3&5A+'T6I2
M-DZ$]4D8%:4^HG:U_HI@L;!%9P.D*#59F8MS61]S;KO6/+4AHFCQ=I%$*)VU


$1

=82;%V4Z5QS!/F






MB^V\31@1'WM)@`\615H[$84[&JJ!_E;8:F4K*?@5]Y\FO^JEW1UIL((9PWX9

MTS\F!0(-6
GPKYI).-)H8_-T7NX&^=ZI`!'(VE;&R%_%$S]*L2`)XEF;MZ
MH[8CL
8HU[#





&'OR
)GZ[!R1N
A+
M8





L/[)


N7)6(?:60X)PP`7\@RCNLP6/8U$:$).)AC%UM

M
D.HTHQ(%L;$)ER0)(D3%\!BQF:WD$S+[6S.P[B.7K&=TGX//
ABW[K2^AE8
M/K

MZ8=LNZSBI


8@E5^R<D4T?SZ

1[
'

ML3X_#$%34TNL#CFU291$X.B*?$+7#2_IZ[T@CN.
6@0M?I'].?Z3U8`/`0WCIGN4J?5^FWI]D?TV^G&SE;5JJA$K!R')P8)+Q
M(9(:!J(!L*F

MM;B@

M2-M4SE2-N#9

E/4*]@

M_:Z#Y6G
9+I-F



2#RN3]4,TO\.+'TRH&:)`9$+U6BZQP8$I5N=[S=AD@`#9/$;9)?Z%H[/
M)+2)12J\U
CC*)#U!R(].
J.&.()8%@P7WL`UA:^*VJ0#K3




ME%/&MJ)HSC9#UN)H[%!=U\W&3'&X5*TO+KH(_[4$I;_(1UZE6C\;7(4?V+?&



MZ8+\26G4J)CRN8A-3





5+X

O9[.+]]7HW-
*^SU`JJ.:+Z-(N
F89@+S;T\P4Z



MYW

M(

MROT!K[CDZT+D_+;4!KQ++JC*R(9MS

M(\D@T5P&M6[6%OA-,I%?Y-4#'`Q9G.&N4B[NR`VDJIW3/KSJ/C3)2B^]41


B.HZ\
A6B-(<3B$%SY@9<TP1:1$;L\++[<LOKC=)0'Z/HZ^A7$N/S-;


MS*=DIUH=/SODLAZ\6
@J6(=`HL)0V\=(97Y17NQ###_P^QC'Q@WSA#)LPT'9

TD03TOF9ZNL$LTQ(2;?^L=[0E2[
4=K?9

IY+!7N.H:'=:M<K[H3



MNU\Z

MJ
BP!P'=AU:/


M:U?
;C::PW
NDI23TO0VR:KZM5PNV[3YWD9PR6RGA+9



MF!C:

MVFZEAB&
]G6[R.W6=G7[7G9K9]JJ3+.6.4^@MC*M7:)I$

MG`S8PD/HN^R7`6BKSBF!VJJ4N;*/LG*C^4TX7V1=HZ?)GT`P?&-\%](CP.LZ


/Q(-J!(







77&B5\F+B:P=4Z%FT#9WHV
E'M$KS
MG21I-V:4G2%L0](P5-*59]`\9B3`
S#^H!]%BR&C`^C0[D;\%B8+;#N2;O+*

ME$5-B-/2=N`@A
6/TWFRB)=IIV]
S[[\

MD$3S/!PEI)M$&E(0UQ;
-BW/E&L.(OQ
.^=L3](\S8;\U8X;=KOBKXTV?
RV

J8N^/OH1JA3A/<^R&OB6L3T57


&:-







)2RD0.IK
P=D&IW47Q_G


M_QR.DV@.SAEF7.P_OJ


MEC@/VAW'
3;Y46Z4NO!-%F#9@198A8P2G&)PO5CSRB[QEO(2(#HS\#Y:PPLN
M$&P.?





OIJA`SQ!E'\@C!P

M(X:XM2LZ52B2[L]6JC0G@@
+A/=AZ1_L3Y\!X`UPPO@A5/Z-.&F0U.KJ-X


.]`!!D@`2@-+_'(
M[`Q@R_9L=CU)$'LQP/?':%$MJ[_0I(9-VO$^_58U*5&2Y2.V+#6E`B8#62+[

:\J4[*;Q*1\C?&+[.AZQBXN=2)




M3%0OP[57_7!/PB

M+`NX*9)-&'&B%8]O_@4U8AA*52?\FRD.H3-&H@9#*.JENN4%D0*@ORE+(@
!OBW--@I

MXIQR*0T6Q^55F6!'/5C-D$]R'@N&#B%BD5LZ&N]LWS5MK6X-J;;.1O%O1V;H
MZF3N[&:ME14

O);'







I]0_^PHX%ZH4Y'0

U.



M6&^

A756T)FGF

M3/G

^^'/0_?OH#7\P!]+\:J!]^
*[X4)17


ENX%P;


]3*RTWWF!M%ON^VO/%MFR*X#DN1

M


)<\JE-%@<EU=EP@J.KO`AG^0\%JH])+'(;64&VKZK6=V'W4T(

MR


9@P!3EF9XNYB)L?&*

?4?&+Z
IJY:UHE(60K'

M&XO)!``%+_T3`)?`1RRC]`4V&-^NOT:0;=LG$:C?G2/ON-_Q[







=MYVU`X@-K@/[GA=IA7TR;-JLG)-ALT^&38*1?W/A9_LA

4&FFJQNRK&-4)_%)F]2-/8A+V3XSN6RDN)T)0(K6O8^R=
@L7(
M12[1AS!-=%X=\&Y0Q#M%O#\EXCWTGA/Q[O]XQ/L#KZSK^_NF[NWPU!1L3\'V


^WI)8+AYZSE]6C&'=IN#



1E/46LIICU









S2VX4&PSB7
M;`@)1GF00PQPA@D30UPP8+

M#CDM_MK/KB:PM@7&5HL+=
$QE!B#+
^S&UB9-`W^'3NNXRKQ[6E&)A:P-!4B



M:@@'7IT.@8SB7/&$QS8S(X9JB2`0$]B*P5F
#+CFR:`X)84`8N*)8IINU^E-



U


YG@X*0]S9
AS.3MT]H]8K0#TL`9NXT%S$R'W4&&
%
M-HYL


MO'YF*&63`:]2)X-/K0+`DM0&Z_.0;74&.M%(B&OJQ*G/25=:X5Q_X%NM84

M)#G_IL0C


M(I3B6*F_RB.G.&.]Y`=


M^&.1Q=_&68)$.C?-1UQ*XSB:CE8+POGMC+CR$H-U



M6+X&BMX#6YG7ILZE0Q6D(*A55'P:?=+=]G6K)__'WM7^MLXKN2_#Y#_00BV
M@020W+HE]YMN0+[F!=,SR29Y,]A/@6S3CCRY-61=/:O7Q9)'7;L=`X?.@@
MWDLG$D56%8MU_KB:BN*=\^A%$9U8E'GWOV/4OHQ-1+48N8*?YW@![])\F+
MXY3LQ9C


N(0MG


K



MX!H`8O]-2[2@#Y0`!A`Q%88YRD,]`.KF6.A/^R5I15DFL

M$L7+WHMILLR;(*I^Y8YE

^)9'*6X
IGZQL0QK6BU^[`9\+-;Z
.33PR$)S&SR'K32KEY)46U\.(M0
M8O//]R8NV_KPG<(9(UD4]1.-.V8[G+Q`_X;%?R5,2+9,L:@SNBV)P@-;5+P
MQ;/G*TK(B^E(9`+$=*2U)?`9\].V59BBH&W\(PU=6#21$'C^M@%LOH7VN84N
M05FNTET5UX)**Z5[!ZQO8A'/W'RC16A^^(B_[6.#BY8ND$L[QV[PS\DOK-RA
M\
7`*=M4N&9[=[TA





`C<K!OMY@N(ULY$:
MQJ5\-3AG(#LBRW![$.Z88(_4A4K04F`

MY0E*XN1F#M]K:HXS7QO



4^G=70].T#=F4)$539.EW


+J=9%M]&Y9AMD-9'+(XJND1
M1)*G)
3IG.;Q22'/#*O7\#'F

LMQ/OM=

@XJ+^`9
F2:*

O(W8[39


Q('WCVE_!VYVU5U
M92`-!J8CZ79/D[I#=21ICFH




M&042K[#*+`-)



:0
M\`9X+DQ:0
8*X0O8B?.QX4UQ
3(4'!%_+EV&`$2UC


M4X\B5+)K?O(Q8_&$7M\T2=C]B!$^CR*S$AO$V*HG.1X@7\05%=R\0HC%!Q



M?5WJRJ.!)*NV/I1M2S4L;7_P7KS8]WW%OJ`2Z?XL`Z:2BX


MWSD3T^B*2MV!`+D@[`!)P]#%KKD!I8T+0KL$P;1
T58;AEY0Y?

M?!6L]U8T732


3\+]3
M+%ZS)_RV

M\RB`B@@TD1`Q

#DYS#CT[!Q1Y*.Z\

MI?`-60%6J)P556%%'7=%HQAPW+U0[_K(/U$B^&$

750MN4)R4#60@H8RW;2K


MM\/QK4Z
A\?YN1C


MN7/T9[H8H^AR-O#\%/_VYMZ-4'R)29BX`?1E[8`*

NXIN




&4.MEP.P8

M
&I^-M0I#


M.C:7AK:7
RAJS?W2!OHZ#;L=A'L[?


U?5P
`\+T*JTOZH=(B[CG.N=]SC=45(

0C^:)V%5=F46TG'D`%-[N@U5XE<)^S4
X??_V<QM+<=9=?;B;W:)KZZ')V<^]&J.?&:-H/%TL4Q&[B


*+)E




M$8)QXV@*D/P


MLIKC\!/@:@%_8`!+&(([JQP


(06_`?5

ME'










M7J19A'BKL
63H(*3ZS

?F$46&4Q:HQ5

;7
MGJM9R1T/$5*$!5-8)[76S*U**G6+T(2K@
R53]
M^4K9Q2)\FX,&C!8Q=X5KR`+2Z]V$EJXIX/]`DP!(6+MD2P<L1N(H\<%M
!D

MXE
-

MQGL_3DH
3`UOA!VN$[@MHOE5!_COJI@?A7_H)0V^KK2X^W)U@G3
MY1C5A)]$4G5FWM<6:8';9WZ\ZCR+Q$J4*&CA(W\@XDLS(.0AA=OL#PM!=C!







MMQ9E!DN%(!7






\G


M]1S)#YB`4ZF\B`KLJ


!]'735?QKOXJ

V^%6E*)@VJZ4$*`#

M\1O0U$X576$*#UO7D:MT2$MH4%J@ZQCHZY;J-Z
2CIO#0DWZX(#%MM#*B4

O#$^WWRWI.I





MV(JS4#
X8KAC#?S

QY*$)R![@PZV0N$`+&AV9KN
MF#*=BJ?BY*

MPNOD(PM@KBY@P?^D299_>/(SZ,


W8[CC![(53:/`A^%^



MV$0!TS6?-QM=++)TD44PIKY\M$AA6'Z=!69NX
GJ1%=.:1M*V^PN;?/
::A-

NBYF+).116IGE[#)
M*067AZK8=&2*+3M5XB


J)H!T!B#[]C)WT#A8N_.C!#1JIIW$:9ZS_#N8U$G&8*9_L/#/





M0-L34/-6R:.ZY/BK5)1D'3+23J53U#C*!/]QF8142BR%XC]Q/+UORW1V]GBW

ML3_+IEOE_K?T


#-WIYDV!!(/6E&Q+MQR96@(1#`ZB


M
FE%@L&!8.#U98J-`8'@H'R]?8JY8HNHK@L6/@X6P236K
LD6'CA4I6]1A


M$ZUSEYYT*5YU@YYTP*T\(=XNOV]B1]J7]\3%)?++&[[2]?:GJ]M+_O;E\MWJ
MNW4K._Z=\^M?KC^VV]J]I6-NO?15\E%?X#?V!7ZFY^P3J3A\7V!J2;R33U-?


=-=3/#M-['][SW!+







MF_Q'E%]87UDP^ZY._G
RE



MA3


M*2M5TTP:`


MA0@2'H-*S.8``FCB
@=\U(^7/=5?5


M(XU$_N1W^!^
V;@7_9<Q[KJ#:\\K^=9
MP_-@Z`3G5S`.=OP9T=!@86.`X&MK\;C??=G65L=J/+N26B`T@]T(VO4UL9&N
MA2Q02D$X:[


97G0)OGC7<]SK0<
MJ]T^9)/F\J7M]GO-PMFI

MAA/J=
Z73X^73UG8:4#ZV6



DX.B3U

87@G
Q?C-AC!=-*L
MBW-I]RF#3IVCT]#./(L
V]&IRB?M


)JKH`4FL$67
M2SI*_M#P?9WV/^3_.8X2

R6T[\$S2(




\`UZKJ







MAFK;J
M+\^*;957=;`J:

MHY5
#L9L$P&.6W.OW9'V]P)VZF#TGL-_$O?(
M5ZP<4O[&3.1HNV[#KT%EN$'.N5:H


#M2]J3U=


R0NT^W.[AMWV]&#$!Z^'Q#$-O^U'&]KD
M`Q\\W11U4`]J&-4DA4@

TBV&?VC8*F`
ML7DBZN1JTSPKLRBAD&FT3TK:F;`Z-0W*L/:@RZ8R`*3-2+!#?S?5@/`!XO=


05%/#M(BN-&/(D4:Z2PM-*'[7(E
MKO#XFU#)XW'C\!PZ]?

MZ^'1R2E+C+`#1K`]PPJ($8@13





9L$A8U`6+=/A!RY51GRVC;7J&9Y,3J?.,
M8`61$=@MOSM!C+`#C6#YAANT?--T@C;RB06;8^$1YWPN+/LB*K[
WD1ORJ]
MW]]R!
YX+D:\$&-



B_*9GNY3*W?K!'/Z?\=
M8/




M

MABWG@W8[CC!B)M
XF^.9]K

M3FRP`RW@&5ZHTU:)M

MZ0/FD









M85_`_JKS+1;+[A-9Q#QA]X+CB3S8151)J7[DV*=7\D]X@R$7O!`LR]E8-)^A



M2:M2C56P
H

'T^'\?&?55'.`:$P$D*\!DX#








MK%1-



MY0E1?0


#D=.4ZG




Z
M3G


ME2+RM673%#*E9$I)0$A`OF6=2-=+)`2T3E27?#VM=1#MRK!.5*W


M]8AZ+Y3`WO
Y_CR
%B*DS;&OX-5I+D_='%NML/0OCA`*3T2\Y+%[P?-+
V!0


3`;9KVN^ZP%M*[9



8[![K_C7;.8
MSP+NI3(.

M#





MPP(FM@S
M_Y.))?;)W'0C7G



@`^I/.$\=7IXC^F@7KK71;AI1NJZ&XT#0W3(B5$T*J%G+#%\L@6G
N


4\TA(9)EO#F

7\41?/%@W8`.

M\GC#'0*'=[#B!A?




MX&B+$!



CH;



M^B+F7)ED:0TO8AP$Q#

F+HR5BP`PB-!5I

.3@60)M`/K@-^46X-5)YF*






^E1SY9%4&DW!8-DW



A91K.J$'?6JO5:2Z$.PEW?E.6
MJV&8K6K[&T(=WY[M



M0@)R.-KMT!5//FX.U6D5LDZIDN;WWR.V]Y_'%4+
D\B';UHEU-MAFI$^R^


MO?6?*/+QW.+]'Z[5@X!@V#?ZVJBE6YJMFSVM
X1/UM!SZ:I#UOM/1RN16?Y
MW:SOWQR_C&GQ_*0ZSXWC]=6CMYRWK





H1D7GNT=:K'HF)1TC2*

MGLKH=.LTES(`B#)MC*MAB%





$$._V@-W5X^98NWSR_KY'KSR%8:?\CFZ?

1!3V0O\DG?/X%)Z

M1`E


MI_]@RQA8]!-#^/..@32);'$?_OJ)_?7+Q_%(=C#:-L]?W3\9CT_^R%\U./G]




M@.=:#*+%T@W7S)T!2&&_NF'FQCOC-UH-9G2[7:11&%-81(B#;!U==O%*U!

6\68T(/^+;FWA39


^1?N9?(K$!R7`5K'MT3RZ31VO;0)/8SG:#!`FWVI
MT2#4A;;!\*5JA_*+V)=%P;+SWOF`M4&9D+Z;5;N!E#J!Y$+*P(2EX.XNZVW=
M$+0L,(B45=FLN7UVN#_'1/)\4YY/MG8%70(8*C2\P/`D==-,&AH4(.!5+IV[
M'B:Y31BA&S1O[_;&-OTIL`YY74:FW1VMRW#[?JH\G`AY[@&_GOO]!PFZ$5!




M=A^.3;Y


QR5
D&@8@8XMQ1-GXMHNT5T





4GIZ5VH?)G)0M=Y7VO


+N^C-C<2$LQ;+9]&#9KQG2_X_51Q[AV


ME[P


1[A6G6Z(%0OZ0
@
J`?JN4@]


MU(T5+H9R5905+JZ*2C$`05TO\'!6F0CCU.1;N9$ZVI)
#D;I8QHM.EZOGL4



9




6


MZ^Y8






MR9D

@``@@&T``%``!``Q!J`N&T`V[RA

6`@4MX=4=`]TVY$#=,7#6\VT2!+'GI3W



MQ/)NPZ;E#I:?@N56!7SN[^M?`0UEBVZ`PS@?A.J$U\[]._W1O?/$=W90#]0#
M]4`]4



[-?BFL_-


5%#G4]L)
E!#IQ?QTJH--
3F:DAM1JIS2@
M$3(:%HE#U]*&BA%]D=$[0S72D1HN=-13%:4ZYA(.7,DAI6=D)NYT&-(30A;I
M;NCQ41)/A`R?)*'W*.(J;&$FIY






MC(1&&




M`O_'7ZXLPGX-(FZ!`6#`0@QT+CHV;8(``00!
``
``/`P!X8.&I4'US;=W-M
M7PU-H3&LQ5'-([Q6(JA2H:(AM?&8XSLU`==WN+[#]1VCPJAJ.RKXV
+UW7IW

C!.[/
/S`_1F\WYWW

(YNSMDK@G.1Y@F;4.+(
MY
ED#PHU4]WCSG/Z==S:QW`ZZT,$%P!``!0``0N.__@P``\``,.V/0@Q

^=2

9D-L3U[=#D




M55SON;AN\0?-'SZ'DM.-7U3
^H%5!^Y1^W)CR[4T-L/&_J6];B;E4`]T6SX
M#4^\U7(2T^U+#N

F

M^R6C+WC




^Y9^
MENG8N

$](&&HOXOUS1OH^X($JJY`_1O/1W'PN,P-4P=*:T#X






TAGL.L

M][&
2T?;@6U!T&U+8E`

RN7TL2@2$W)^VW'



M-+SLG-K21:4*
51&NELEZ%1*S2X1_LRKX^5#+.Q/CM@-_.$D5?\[
7]/Y;

MG'ICJ0J1H6E*`OBY?
T$4\
NW(6Y7(&_HWBCABK6@M


-.(L3'11#(?JF/)LE`5
5Y`GQC;Z_T\225$]T*!
1C&5
M4Z!N.2U56N`M3IF[-*R[L0[&/Y[%''M)\=JM2FEH%T_KBB!-7B1-!\+6IL5
M'`_^36BE=9F*49P8GLV7%X.L6

P6*!KZ[SHB];\#.;G5$+1&E.I$^K328WA0Q<'0T-N=MX98A2)&U<70L\

MXL-HT9`1N('






M7ZN14-]5D

@SO1:)20A:[TB7Q9-5=?R..(&+WO#^2B^40

\27-)I*%7


MWLP;&[9W@[=?!)IL6;U#D0H/'_]^JYK4X4/VC*VC2182)#9-=E=W5=?5=?@9

#9W1
MR/(.S&+2G\E:JD+EGX
!@^N5J)@`!P




W\)L`C[B


[V!6


M**($V`B[A-T^C(!A_`$C*I]GHPS\-`;FE9VQ]`)9T?PUL2GPRSD;?=EC230\

M'_:/S($VL'L#K3
=-^YS<8
M=(9L!;M'03%]H&&GH71^A/<G3UH;G(EVQ)H?8M(PB^$A2E_7`)?DQ'XD#

FMYIOW-38M29T]2H3L#
V.S&?:!+62_83ITJ8-@
G6*Z9OI3+47.LXL



MZI*PF&3R0#N&]0JHQ'*%%?


M?TMRIG1G^CS^EBV
VUBD(@C4'\-28]#7


L.&H



M2(C]-K4X6]?^'RE';?-QQ+-2WSYP':6#39;[L6YVU`N^NHEE39Q83US6/=

IWPW=$S7%7T]W';1W


MY%GNQZ*V&X4PRJ.B&JIK/-
TI4XJ:MT


Q:AW/CP&A4*.!'

M--Y*3^

MFA3E7;H?_E^1Y1
6Y]G!FL[QZP?4
*D5_&-DG5;QQ66'GR(-QG[&%$/MV%U5



MQ#:/?^J
_9PG=79`DF6IO.



M9.AFSW$&YA`__`.74JWD#0?4?5YOWL!)7'7HY3NA.





M_ITA7L#@L.L]`WGU6VV(RDGGS*






M#!!TJG#E):.9LP3`NF(Q&W$J[+4S#FA;]6QO5#?V)R'N/=5V94(^%1#8C0YD





0[
F:L7R5(7;


-K)4J`1#+E=LR#L7+-
M;[`Y?,HS&#!1PHJ0R@:C@I3$-&F)!\,I[E53-[^'CA$/4S?$IMY<D_NC7_
MJ./]O'^TNSOWZ,8[VC?-.[K21^9LP4?V;^:GRB`.60@`/69KJH!7%M=7W?%<
M&[\I*D0[Q?R&QJP3`DRICEZ]O,[])14/(F5O%=4-#DLZ5V]MXFCNMGWZN3_






X:$0`H
M7Y.
=

M/&1#[_J`V*IIU]R!1&QR#530]6HN+.OD1J1\ZUT2NZ'JW9JK!
3RUD`%7MT%
M'\4X4HQC4_=NVT8/Y6



RG<T5S0!(J%J
MUH$J&Z5L6*IAU5/5(`WS[7E;CEWS*E7UEL/(`9<\ZWE@A*Z4L'D=M2NTY7H

_OF9:S&XC'K

MP$-^@S]__EADVK7O3S]=!&

M#Z

S^MU
M!IKMP


D2LCGZ?(=0L&?T&`X#N\=?/C^XHG


MSFA




\CV+0

MP@09HI72VH?2`AE#0A#E!@B-DN^3NQ'@F\5

9$/MCL=3&.6/
MX?`+R`X0D!`-)@0)#@Y':!O9O9WD.89.Y-/!/[A;Y47CRU45/80L39)\)

)DCP.(&G8;V)


M_XM?C







Y&I@_F#M!SQG.Z
M-$/A\RUW)112


)=$'JNL.O_@D7#O&3AYLZT_/9?,+$;S-`S$MVW134

M!'4&Z-(*_P]]0B;(&:D)2!-F%.?Q%+0!
IZ)[![0;N!LZAHXUF/Q&GP0_B+(
M%)M[=#;M





K=B2.-K%-%FP'$7(5)Z7I(.5$Z\0
M!!GU4D270JYWH(?]0.,`52=.WXRQ?$4<VC.;#-S9O)9G?3&[9GM
B68U
GF


-7'GT71`N6GP
HE`F:2I/O


81=[F-MCNX


ME7$IH;[U

%3P
Z5R
6X-7*%[#U`TE.
M#*DFF$H3L=3*PSX8


4-[NMT]HA_X]D%/'['




4

=81#


N\&EU:6AB&DD^):(K-`Q6QS:J(D;5.4T8_$4V5MJ



&RT_



J


138V=H2-\AYD$?(U,9:S#8@%=!)1SW




4TW5PJ-TNU(H6:
MT51]XNQ2P\IP`QTERA9CBJE?VS+*3PV!L62W%&K



\B5`


+T#6^R2NX4
M$K)1&B5XQZ'M

MU0JB`;$*WU+O%I'_






H;\6E




EMHS1HH66GO,1
M\Z;ZB91`7F.PFFDSEHT*10=#$6^_#3R07?D



F$KM13RN

MW3+G$#





MB))U/E6O_5!%'KV/*
TQ&I5\HS1A)+V+B))0LK




(3
MPRUD&U/)YAS[BF2!.
F'[;Q\O:;^.Q_DI!'0$[9EWFA3!K-$D:0J)E,PW0
MK(GQKC2D=E@S+US#5



FZEA[HA4E'B@+HP2<9J!IZRIB7!I?X^QQW/!BQ-A(EN;P/?(









<7E/QAPA!?BN8R++PQ34I


MM!-*^X1(_W/QG351F05FS8()F$=!AA[5$Z4=BR@Q3%XRN_+R:EUF@LFKMLFR
M\BGJ7FBCM?S(`[=AGUR./KX7V?B



M
LL\IH]B03_<:&CT2IKA`&G

MBDT?_:*1]2;KPII*KB7QMI'0DL1:6.R2_I(KU*-QR9FFL@]IN-O:S3N-1+
MK$13;WXJPWU5+UG028)&;+]








M+

#:-!*`QKZ9::6RELXI1'J
MX^_D.B*M::R.;CV-QTDP`K!0LT:AWS=JPC#`6J

64[C58$6E`Q@2=@KIIU6%C:@NF
M;5P*I[GISI/BSJDE@-RY.$(1?5^SG5



?#G)JM.NLMER!_


M\.$KFWQXRP+OVY?S;K??




TQ5]BM_S
K1QM'
1Q

LFZJQ_90=#;6OJ

ME#:^`0`$H'G^SVAT?GYQ\7;U`N)@7ORE;(6DFK5ALEEF(GPZOT`S@RVN^D5&
MF+P+
2N-]/B$;MY


J\LKWHY3U
MBZ





4`KBQ4MJ-4VCEKBOD^MP)IMF':\&
)J&H63Z#OG::+;JR==*IF\!]U:[
MEK@OR_1?Z%]\,4XUC-]\/;X7SNL0:9UJ+0ON&S.TQ8?JO]D@V]E*VSW7R:



M#JM5)X8#9NP
KFBBW4K.:E&KK)8S/N*(?S5E%0J#/.UR9O$


M#K[

L*MWRAN.
M

EN?OV)%










M]HSS?NL;OO@[0D49:7%^6!!#=;,+!23M'].VIFS.7)K$XE-5M1'2.BO4CC
F/N!
M]6[G^T/+QJ]-0O7G9#9FH19
I*Y/JS1(B4:O[

M]@W+M_P''DHM/'0&ME3^Q(7-P_S3OVTO80O/@Z$E4+Y7C!^:%-@K^9Q\]/.U
MQM






M@II@E


0!-L2`C)_3`+(@4(`]!Y'K
MP0@D

Z-LW-*BN?6I^00XL
M*0?Y?$D]F8CE08G_N@CH!V[M&R!+X'P?.&;J)XUVIU




MD

K(8^^+QGJ@DI!UG.'S^GKT+Y#8PD6!:R1+2!D_TUX*
TW:0[*Z9O$:3C*
MIFQ6UH)@C5HIT]%:W








+?:R^N6XEE;Y90]7DOY
J'VDDT/9:`Y
SWQN/]^QB:=U$@JIP

27QS4_E



MR8$A5$F2&HQYB(2G)



$



K^*--V:DD$]78-]MLM22D




MM;]J_U\28+G!S`Z_LUB;A]R!\;BOV0XFD
GO(T!AJ'&7^3%W;$]2!0P%WQ;(


13X@?Y
_)K9'$8R0Z9Y@1A&(R#
MD(I/QO?I**X=VPJMNT2K543K7VN01BCS@W@-VF8[2*N_U#%Y+%C;ICI2!C[
M4T%+_IFJ0D#8!:K)?Y.:#$Z8A%*`CK4OX%W3NV(1YO&5IZ`MJYBMT6D74_1

4'7=K(^@I6#Z
[22(0)2V/M#N&+
E1

MBG`[W+]E42Q*`L7('FAH/B$++=)(LFBFU`@PZG^%SL^4/:J`Q]6]KL6!!`$:

ED2S;@H
M3[3G\SPG6F9!PO[+.Q/AQ&$\U4P'H00:*5V'::*.3%5K$8(!1Q-0@7EB#`@
':;D4O9K5HK($T0E



+-@H(+0X$%
93[K









\5

:)Z
M1+D*A





M

ML*B3D

=45-!+-#](@J





^LU

MUR/U5$P3ZC0[CD

?((.UG'





R5AB$WP.9;V
M


51:RFB(ZAMP8=
M11&*(E**

WP\`S6H0RF/9)^?Z!W*]7/
V9'&HIAR(UTMB39S=9<'E'^*!

_?DFBQHUMSW\]

M#U_9Y
-;%GC?OIQWN_V.T6TT3
LT&O\R#-/Z=G5]]LWJ=KYAWH'1L\QOQEN-



7MX74..;4V@FTAHS0G.5DLK




EV

I-#`

MC:94]Z


M
O:X@Q*

M8?Q?H1$*6
W1/`F2

YJ-%





30U/H+Z0A
J0_'J6;+4SC!!@]2@?(I#]M9.*AF):2
MOLP2[&7@A.3I#KLGE06*1VW5#A+'@DJYC`N^50XT!#6A.N_BOD\M53AIZL




M:@P

';W]OF7V8Q3#RC3]I1V5@?/0!K^S:_B%;







MWJGA:^3/N34Z.SQ
+6B6RJXI(C17]?[W:KY/^H^





Y

M]6ZW^_3UJ*!PG;&.MTV;*E?XN+!N&KJEVDSO3M51(2@J.EWS68P1$1DL@66-


MK-3]!THK[H

+%
?6#4_N%)DH*SG@_$M1\*/U#BJ28S7SE1EQQX9PQRH_OC'
M3@-6I2K_%0WLA08J%58]NK/+RWC*0J4$]T;\5:IM5`)P'S30JE1VLZ*!?=#`





%<0(=1O+G_2%/)-`A$&F=HN
MB.%L`1(R)7B68`0P@^$[V?`$_ARG3@6`N<.GH8Q-``9[&YQHRC$Q%8;V5:G


M6(R0*EDLZ26=%

MOUOY7OTNPD.[E6\1CMD]8]T=W#/V?\'6T
[QEE-8T)(VI?6.LY7O-DIZ:'@N


VW=*.OVD`H*NCT#ZT2H%86X%5LQY1.
MHP3AODQ`L^8
H



:MT4J;:1!U*NQ[5












I8++W=5[W5Z%F.-P!6(E\8_]R7OUQ/\!
M^MX'%096(?3GPZY._HT*H5=(GJL0^E&B7870JZ3&#RP(K$+HVU/EO\0VS+%6

G4-AK&PW8#VKMUN=F&0#5YH-;6/

M`(I(IR'E+M_@O=&^XR4$P*D=P[O97A=V&F*C!`09_.*P
+:YK_UU)9LH1+$=

-#Y_]

G$=-X




CP0
8!WL!\@5
M`D#I%]1R-S[*`Z0RP-V$^R.
`]9/

M:W92JH

M!U_A.N=)BD/D4!=S,(9)Z+!B8E4:;OX\ICY;`)JHV`:*!FXQFXR/A2?2/&


3N$D?#)


`[;7';MQX

YS=JF-2:%\

M*=_IK7]E6]^OF[I[P%-O=LZTLW#\B\]XRD&^5!L/+%;@CDP&5\C^)V!4F_
M5(:;V2AC_`
M6MK!.-M+M4Y&GCEFG1#04@C8+P+
O2*@WI7II[:'
3&]8/R1






V*^JPJ
]E=@U&FKO
^C
M1;ZJ+CM:Y!]==D!6L8'UJ-TQ_:=@IZWAKIL.7^N$??-.ICVJR48_LW:A8E
M+'H
!J]O!F7'ZUHTOEG3GZ]%O:=6_@3_ABR:

M9=-BS2CV4L[E.GXJ9M_H@YF@Z99Z*M7'ECT)^.30O\^^)*:E-J33Q'$&#T


M/)Z6-UW8

KO)B(LT<KC.D$Y$^[AP#BM/:/6UC!
G(2^;

M0I0:?

M
^\+'+(9BLD`9*DHS6



RS=-&N]\Z

M=0RCWST?FM_PQ=\1I1*C3Y=8726P5@@LS!E)K:RH8&:=8/=RO(``::(@%/#Z

M'/#4JCUM#G/5GG8+8]8)`:H][9X1H-K3/M]6E)[E%3FG#UMK*EUD^U5KG99N






MF50M2^(\)_]R@F4$S(]H#5]%Q=@HB.+H:@J(AL&9^\6^)Z!M7T2?&E:GUQU9
MC=YIRVJT!Z.+QK#7Z3?
L^Y%U^P

M$[@5:T.N8D!V@VA`*Y*)$M6[KW)*(JQPU
9A8+O:F%#&E8
X!5:R#/YIZ-
M]3O:E'ESX5)K;#;W@GO&$)\PBLM![

C
2




M1`_AWIO:4%80PILMO6


<P;ZUN4<%#`^
H)%=!@01
B*K
:AO7^I:
MI#%8/=!4Z^=T]ROKSFB7:-XE
1@./B$L7025NRP6H@B-B





\BXCNK1JW_7RSC
[C8



6
M=@'PMM



M$2K8X:&M.CSLKL/#(71U.-!6`*H7@^K%4-L



GV'?&TT6_7D:R73
MMX![JTK7&S]7IK_Y85'G3U*7/I95J8SR1R%I(9WF+TOWFJFXUID%C)XR98


)S7S!M

M*O]T'U30

`\]
_T/T


M9D^IO@K&K0YS5_7V[54^P[[%U4F5



*KUQ9




M/O]*3W[\_$?^[.CRT^77XK$VC'GY]2Q_D-YNW+'Q=QXW8O8C;D1Q&'QGC3ON
MQE/ZO6@.OAPAUU.FW3&D.N;H/8M^T;IDUL'B)5)$P+)EHPCWG@1]J-:'F@

M%K)HSIR8WS+OOJGA(N(@MCUXF?LQ#!YQ9WEZEA:P;KX`HVEI
^YY\+Z.G\ST
MDUB-U33RGTMK@E&R5:V!QBV+G@2




C@M/7(!!E'_Z


DZV7:J


M#B8RNSGQ0^8$-SXFK

=1I`)LKIV-^7.5..8N8VYS.+Y
=/R^;3@EH6:G:6@IPGH


=<J)GF_
\I9
MUV8A#1LV^&`:M[Z[I.QB1N^A)/2^*



+!QC(@1:($M


E@M$X[2EE8D4%A2K]WLKKC.LTY44.^PDTJ8



MB]9K-_NJKY&BARQMPU)FT+'3`


-!JFDPWT3_(G9J9+F4\)NMX=A_:-T_!4]

K3VC



U__&;5G*[
MVC__IJ$8^E6;

]K(93B^OKR]A6@/G
-
M.^[&4_J]2#\O%^?74Z;%06Q[

I)E#8+2`-R'Q
M0^8$-SX



@=PRM+?C&AF_L&Z;-



V5NXL%0]



M.YAV
\6P!





I@:$(Y(#C7ZJCY%Y9XZ1:!I7J





F.PW.^K@7]'#

!0!'(PT225
+EO7E`7]QXMZCNM9JOF/J
2!=L4!56**2I)H*)'*MU1



MPE1M=3JZ_/_WOVDE\\J8__A-P_GHSX=V^YOV]S\_7I\WKKX







IMXL<W]GYVTO
M/M$MV_@I-Z[


S4%C'(0DKF.DTZ.IFJTK-%8Y*)%:0(.22CN36



MVLEU

!1\%L%OC:FB&P-NN
1XX7X%?:
M5_;?A(N?(HW[VE_-JR:

641]I-PEV\2$$3




M#0`

;/`R


HF=)OFTDW6$!^7;&ND&KRGY
MMBOYIETQP





$;(YD%(%GSB`UL`IP!((C$FT;\=AF+6&9KZ.@S'


L3A&E


8I)SS&

&]``G;M[W[





4(JHUBQ
TM(2UDP%+17*P;=`)*3ILL
M1;(R0R&NTNEEC&#1!Q0V/4K(LGR$45R*XJ6@P
)+HI/

MX
L\$*-=)D+(.$XRPR@+D\[GFBA:\\G2
HNHV13$CP(ZE^X?+H0[(!EQ'Q


%=QI(9Q08J:@+V\#91G(N*@1L@D+4?_(
M-9;EH'P^`745BH
(DDE2@I()Z')$$@@A
))M[DGU(H6QV'!36Z\646L=W+
M:F%M;*[U+


MGT!0:2










MM;

MVN-MNLYN23ZOX2O&5:D23=A\T!GK/ZCQ]
M/95N1%.K3ES%U

MH/H_/@K%BNRCEK!34'Q&!]*'K9SJ**
JJMA#VHLR%X[(UU%60:5DLK(*E%50


M%72LO?%P'=I^)%IAOL'Z\O\D49QWNE;R3

Z^5-GSZ\(.P5%=?:L(K45PM!!&A`'Z94K.Z%:4EK9

M5X2=@N(.




MEK#T3\
O5[!!![!ESR
FX+

UJ`L?N+P]K


.86V77%7`Z@B-EI/60._US`H9+:I'






I
1M&;-$2H


Z1N%&%I\56H
8XD:6




M&$9(EX72)G3A.5M[9W5SR51$J3.UPYO2HI9/E34/MH8+P9^QU0LZ[A2KCF+X
M#ST5!$`#8G(=;H0[L\3`'&^P!Q/X
MX'I)0\#8:%PD+-49J\$%HQ#^/%PF





M:0IV?)UL68\P9!``&I@D
MOJ`Q7$VZ8MP*_)6D+(:S6HO[`IHRC1_?E7=?O2J+!/+F0XHF92;;D87
YQ






O<TTY@M*]L
M\N$M[QO7\Z[W7['Z#8:IF4:C7\9@-QO5]=GWZQNYQMBVNA9YC?C+;A&']YR
M]UO+&G2L?O=;]ZQG==I#LW%QT1XVVJW6J-$W+HQ&JW_:Z8W.SD]/3\^_X8N_
MX[[EMI\AO?K/\4P.7'SA*./T#XY_7
5`'`TB!:U(T1S//([*6M:):N4BR/

M-/O.#EUZ61JV='TEB3+PG&,GMG7M5QTCG+**5)+X8GV;QK1U!IJ:N9/GB'T
M_B*KDJRGFX33]'IYEV2,\:*4+]G#&+4IV=7H_($Y)7:6&LVN-)`(%L*6*DY
M@EI


H].:L'RC@2JQ!B`QWCUCM`3P7%)G9
#')6
M$_2([.]
F

M1=D&:

MW=CDB
&VPN]@=DQ`S0:A(/0XQ
6#&STA;HHQLB,`C&7'\19%U%TA5.M+H%5
MLA7$6F^U


\A`%8`485WC;P.N9Y[U`


A`4+0]AM7\F2
M`ZBL
$FV9E&


MRW58FOB:!AVC*'/N1#`:;8^F-LS]1[VXYT=V4@X$I#!#D9Q#/DV\771NHW)P

U!QH)M*&#


ME.49`!JH;H_YME#9;$-


MF?2NI'\LW2XT/U$@R6CER@V5&)WD.1Z.V8B+(
+M`!
Y(%U8KKJ2&3@6]R20
M4.*AI
_GS6=%*



ML^LS
YYU4\56;J18M_&=W%31;S_CIHKN
VZJZ.SOIHI#GEI=DK'BC@;3V
$E





'L#O5?W

MZS/O%]E=+$E'=U!L-3!3L]:V+WY236Q4TWL=M?$KO?T)G;6_CK)'?+4M>A7
M]NB8-6M==ZY:UU6;%%3#NN-`0!W;U!T4`E1SNNHGB;X,+X


Q7Z

?

MZYU.H)+.]Q@'

M!9
&'S<:C]EFY

MT=V5V05'C9*/OO8YN&6S
0MA3&S]0Y@X8PY]1]_H(



%)1%FA1PI'K



M8I`O(;R&W7''0S`@&`F83#3OM#K^/]_-+5+7_L?VT_LL)FUFH35;:(*@DM
M17*3^@7


MF'^8LQ4QWXJ5SI
0/0R4-DIDB6!$/@L@J=N&1*7@`?\&;BMB[!
@)N`[!
MP\!!IF&0W$RUS8.R_36SV$&)@ICWR-:!O

M+/`!
D$DK5KV`U\!(@+V0^LE`[&$*CR#`@O?!%KT.!





@6X

MX;T(+53T\!VC&C_0KMOE(N@
1(0G3\2(
()


M

(#
(J0O9%E2_P\C'



M'JZ^B)85)S2K

U#\Y7B1J30


*#0BS%DP2CD:I

*]\D%GBE.XF#*((8]H@?L`_DD\BM8DH

&%1!+N$_?OLQN-XX



M%V4:2&:N#-@3D#.31F$

M1K4/

B$U48Q(




M2W



()3BL?,P4-;(=X+PGDQ/6LQ]K+*
MXVR5W;<T)^;!Q*Q2\E0AM0Q]#^%2BBB)G@LQS\;SVTF6%23SN?X#,B&1^/R

M4NB#+DA)OXF]9N[+*N\F/8TM&S)IY$$^)CE9IO#A%-MQ$,'Z%%/(V\4`Q-#
MXD,K\8T\6';,'\)U3DP2&DOQ.X1%;F?@[)Z'\0]IH*%`!IF#\XQ#I.4O8I'


M6^

M=-



X52

M=W4^6JC.R^HU
.@SM2F/FKP+(4G+ACQS:NF-ESIWHF(U%+1(=G$*\L.2TLZ
MN_R?A27]S41RJ!.(0CQY4U3(VXR4L\J@T0*JD.5[PEI


`E;3T@B@O2T+CTZ@.LCL5H%@84(I%4




MCS$\!^*7QTA-$V8+_X#2\PD=&#)V&99W`7T(&A+X%5%J2J`I)=#;8Y#9Q42:

$ZI

ZC[(35EZF_61LB*M9LMK+)


)XG`;`-QP
M



M.JA^^9BUCVZI@^H=&].6;G96'![5V9:N.(FK@VI%Z\=[?*$.JA7U'XND5P?5





MM'^D[U[A/7V)QRXG%Y2U]:=P
2B3XXMT

M


M*C&@

64*[.07Y\*T-A6;+A?


(

M^2W[Z$=QF%`!W4?_*K9CAG]?3BZX#V-RV_L21!P+=R]L'OX;ZWNW7PUG=(SS




M^JC#^9(
^5?/BI?&2;X?




7/5?O
M4\-1

0LQH=08\T)5#E?ZC\





M-M=P!];T7T'O%:]

R.V*7_M!QDEGB84@%)HI#%O.05B#'N1P#W*FS\?/O


/(P?S:DC#_8M]3]B[#H;.
M?Q-XYTL8S%D8W^/$\=!WS^';.46G=@G!3NO



-?V5PJC\O)I\_N6;A[(R-*ZD#K[X)&:O4_9*UNU@
MT8M;X1BP#S+3KZ'T3_%N7?A@3]L[B-Q551@]E!JF%:KN^FO7KJUE#L)`H


L?CF!



MYMFP
3@][8%H'`U

MS2Y$GI:YNQ;RJB/
*7
A\/K`=LK[_B


M(C4`*;Q*SLNVL&MUE[!;B154AFT-XB`/3^E*;44+H$RPEON,'+]\T,&1&O@
M(T&8N]4`%_V1T3_K`KF?C1IMS3`8-1I-RQCT#LW3&-P;IDBD\FDM(MG9S(]



K'&TOU_?!UT^N3@==3L7@Y;5
(Q1&_!YVFKT3T]'C0OSM-/OG/4!
MHS+&1-*DO


($V\N:IF7!SJU.:U';;K2?
M)1N%85Y3=@@A025U=A4W3X:8V5[(7WID(POA,^`.^YY
C^XE.6X6Z/9[+;Z
M[;-AKW$Q-*Q&NW-J-OI@68$.O3#:[?/3SD7'_-8#R?_-M):


MJ+(&/`9]1:1O


-7EUO;P&2&G%P
D540W)J*T


TND)
X
M;:6Z5



R*@AN#3JK6D4\HCQ3

MAL`





M4RQ[VA?#MM5I@Y-MG($*:I]U`#CTWX#E,Y%SQJ\#D=OEBD4&QJ4GQV87



-T_YY#PBV9X)B[IPVC/;Y



\SNDG5D7.K'J


_:_6[;.CV#
M3;=E96]_*;JPP6;$_MV9[V8IE:F?\B7PN'.?W5;S_&TO;

4
M`V9]-%OZ@






ZIA7G3!U@:C.#2

M
[=WFV:R8800C&@P3
2!\[
V58!'?B

Z`7+T@2D(8#_MS

M.'F+'LBY3\

;:S.SS
MW';=]#.]]N'MH/5S=HTGVN\L+%U-N7!)L'RIT_UYXYLDLXG6O[*M[RLX=?^`


M



]QL/`$I3OFOX-=

PFV\-57%K$0+Z_/`'%BOE?8VR/VSL%928+
M:*J`_%RZ0'Q\`W`)P*K[/Z/1^?G%Q9J[P^-@OO)&YY+5VC#9+//5/YU?P%?P
MS5;`NQ#;P


M&F]Q)5VC^_2U^
%=:


MUUK)4!]KR.`-%


MB)[2`5%UR&CKM`[L&/TEW65Q13$!()M.@

M

%Y3



O2VX.:J\1Z



MF?EQ9C@D9]!'_#0EJ%


MTR.F)UK

+DZ

MX29N_^U/DF-_:@YF02/+:@6AZ;0X

0NX1/PPB*](L`YXQXK!9
M$N;W4/)V_ND_IC47U+T;G;6W@AFHW:



MT[?XKRP/E

U<EGU1N:XU*\L[4\C&E2@5<7ND6;OZLCWD(T.*EYF0NT


TJ_.N[W:F4_E@91XJ
Z1:N:Z

Z=AT2H%M-&^[V'.D$^V\'O&O>UG7%DYS
MR\Y5_*B?6DZVT/IGF)1/6TP6(9:R)SB1%8B(







2Q._NF!V
?T^E80'+0P0(]TU&K

K?=T_$:




:+,NC*R3+
MLNG'DV6)W27+PE=OY=68(NR%#%6$?T***N4-&-H=@-%_DW$!'L[80RZ7TB9J
M-WW*<40*3O*93:KR;`KT:


MYC9\4#'L?X8)C%M1^J@2O;I)!)U:WX*4&`Y]`1(:@F$`2H)FIUWV^S+M6W




A+]7*C/KR9NW`?U[3520]`1
-QG7I[

*W;PG3/BO@A'Y&/R
?]X^
;Q3FQ6LUS!F.U


M5!


MJ%1TZ89%:O9OAI&Y[CUG@:(!\0#X@$M*$(%H?)YSM9F72LL4H-Q5J3JH*BJ
M]^H-B]3LW-[2AH6N.N(!\8!X.$!_'*&4*G$T@V+U.S77.`-BWGU!CSB`?&`

L4K
_
\

M\LCX



MP:(RRV'DVCHRDLZO1TGGFC)/

O3^)GEN:=]F'.HGS/4I5#.X@'21GW
MODI`R]D-&&F=1*18W9`
TV3T5%)DG!+G^O?+\
CHR#9(L0?&U&1+QD;0R+):
M06@Z+4Y



MJ3ZU3&I3O^D[U&91M`F;2E]4VJ]7S-NH












EX&Z%=NP

S1]:OEFD]E
.(RSR!+`


DBM4(!!#!;*EO?




`NO*%@D]YMG-:Z9VXOAB9/Z]M'V$(\&=







F:YK



VL=FJL\D\5
MH)N8272#OM/2L
]G4IC9JT]E=CX&.8Y$96?2XLTKSZ7^$35


MV

9

NV



M[LK


MP7M8ELVT-G)&DU[%:TVER01L@I
F/FD#@77`;`Z/^V]]P55CS'@-*INIJ\-D
M47E]'4A@LTX@:X!8)JG7^3KF7/#VTTBVR-=)JVGD+OEZRXE1%:BV$R/:*#%J

?PS&[EB`NK1@-E'];W9WHC(\E









3
M'(1@
`2##`PR

C`(`



MXCJ93)//R'1%G*3%




5@&OLI`\
FVT$(!B$8A&#P
M!H

##(PR
!W(`/]W6F].(;V//'B#&B-R\

!81X\
MFOHZ*#`@!@-L54HI:RRY3Z:@)Q]_A7^F(83G8SU^Y.XBQ/(3G^&IF5QB0[
MZ`SOSM#`@`:IH-&

$6

H['.?HO&





'T'%T=(F!XBH^-P



MBL*P]:$_@=;8=PERP!
C\
3RG_PG3\7D9W)_/\BP/$S.49#$X1Y=S
M<RZC.U!%^+PX@#P<Y;-P<A6E=^0`<G&W+A6):UU`1)



M6O




9X08IA4]F.?]X.


(,#;`1B$00*`)'W&T3_OS.('9=6_XMQT5=?PF0]
MSCE^*=DT4&WI1FF<H7I^(+B48'ZUY4-<J#&2C-$B2U=1_G:]H6)TD1%Q)R
MRMHPQ*WBV!5O5QUWZ]QK%,8+RY&NXA)9GFD+9,1&DDN!7VHMI5GRS*
)T5!




6C?+8?+T+Z5QKLA






MFT
S/J]0[1:S6L^2WY




OL20BW17RG=S*



MUD0#!/XU+38F$VMI:;C)2ZZ2!:[2#;
O%^G4Z








MUL2N)4*RFW*:&!QT\58C'N+Y;&.C29(+N=OJV:$MWDYCEA

M(94-?L\0T6#=UJS






MRQVK_?#!D_O57\-X4IP7.ETJ`WZ93L91FAVA9%U#.G'!^DM3R7
M(-T7$FG)
M(0V3%G.]`+``ATE

M::QB54[W+USP7
F



%[RRQ8/@
MOFPV

M
^2LTEUL?KQ(IP!@'UUB.7?.)JL)]=)+-PJ5/T[+\E.?HV73'*1HY2RHAO1L



M8R2EHU`@L

M-:\MI#1/N9[T._O?63B);[^9];*B1A9EKR%8
3TH7.+&J54C@E]\2T43%)_?


IJK?9\=

165F0E-R-E=;S=/8KB

M9-E_F??PQ+X


MY[`J`-M-*
E)8N_@.$7VU]O;N









21.

RS
M5_Q`IN61_


50IO6A(^`8CJ9W

M_CY


VIIJ57

X249]Q6$'HKI\0#6]DN^@#(C=Y25G31_LR=(?






M/LU6FWIIJLIC#RJK]K236?6W!-VZ3'VNBURE29U94DRI&.[;T[I292







MM[8
KTQ1;;#J1M8JAF._^+C]@E]G*RN

V4BON!)Z
M;2S\\?!RP`MYDT8W\X^O?AMNT6-AY\`?#M=9]30928''PML;7C]'@2X!O
M=3Q7C#=:B06'7XPW%U3)7H`-YJGA.48ZP4Y#QRA.(H:27-J?D$0D35FQM4.9
M=$I/W=]#U#`.BA.9MX
X_D:$'K

MBHAQ



M%
4921!/N4(ZSPPBG*F

DGL]A`)
MG6!C




MQVF4(8XCC'B4
:2EQBBR2HK)!)

5
52H`'!'3GQ[0UIIKTT%&'5
7_EI8^/3G




-))7_'M$I!B^&N0



M


XS.4[H^I76N['S6)N9]I3`3-<)VTT%<1JF]
M78L()5;I9K'RN1J)_HOJD'Y@;F*\!!42453OZ8

M.HNN


M
?`W&=F9_HG_)O\^G+VH!PO##L

Y/^6E(%V57L&TE`YH?1E.,.6C*1OV1*XK*/I:R

LRB7/
M=L$&2@YE6;R
K_U!JW=1'

0*E`3B2V![-C)&$1?0MK:&9K#8\%=--O[J4:=\4*_;O%*OAR?=-HV*3
M3J.:Q#8S0)Z/[Z9#IK/I!






&?X[M*
AE13FBO!D+0;KMV$
451

MH7QM
2MJ6?B74^#E_O'$#


M8!C8=N

:SL5
MM3`L4TRA*
DSQ!.9(9WSV'Z19








I&2J^F*02[V7=XN4^N(ZUHN@0&4G
MT*OHBWXW=D_
I7.$O1=]



MAUQQZJ

$O%.Q
^X
M9!3B1Y
I&5=.KH!A8
3+Z\?%9O'D;EO*8]G(RU$T)W6BL&
M]8TT%U46D1)J'XLD#R*2)90%`O-$&<2^#`I
E@EC$BC)8/H7
SOWKG.ZM

.1$R\%209@)V!?'8J
MEN+.YL:N1&A`X[#`Y6=0*_CLVM2








WLUK

_RL9/<B7_OO3


0SE&*3J2]?/4]%]\I-/_^1#))7

[//
BFFFL^=
6XD
4WK_SA)/Y^\U&\F1M*+]


MF3\9L*6:TG(;&:UX(YLYX@



M
U7']UV#UW[HE9R$U2GY;U:YT0V]A6=6%D=3T4[@\GI


MKQ5A!@EEN7FHW




MM*

FLKH]$4
MI1&]-]]Z%JR)M-ZD-2&VU@NU\K.4Q#I]&CUXX3TRN\7
QK
#$.9FI/G!:4XL
MODW2)@XU@6IPY6B^C)IMS=)])8)`)4P0H8B]H!N.N^.)'_I)KL$^BGEBB99Q



V&KL*]CAILJ(0U;



CXHE;R=R)H
JMM/

'+YHS6





(K&5R)^]$=M



.^BML!AWD4]X&I5V'C3P
.\






:$X
VA=_WY9`'3&O/)

*+F6ZN!PR)WV\X3
%
ML,A;*;*V




4=LT'
M&A

M
=R`X2*&85RZX(7A(=##0S1AC1:K-`C6M')?P/`0O9'#\!`-PT-TH1.&AP`.
M#P%.HO;0IE$@P@H/@3
\!#TQ=T&.N.60([4A!XK8@(;')B9S5TQ$U'(

M&4R:?[@^V+[;_#(==7%U&
5BY%5:[=CJ$+/#R7MTL=5MS*V2+A;2!3Y=S)PN


M_..E)+9Q0X4


MIKKQ:!!EE\\`ARU0F8LLD0(^#

?/D3\4SS\&9]\&95])FY%2&


M^I`UBY:2R^1/53R^4[+%(RVQ8FE4G/8T3K'*IO\JUBN3)?RE&X5/4+11Z7
MM\1R*2*7C#,PG&B;H*RR[(:P:.F%*HU`V\US=LX@*OX@240)'CU`8F$95&
M3HHKXRC

M\W):C)EVZZ`\B*/F]8


D
MA\\M_

3A


M/Z+TT





MZ\G1V=%D/FB!!7$
X\FA''`.[%$T$2J&/4L?HMB?3XPBW-T+_+LH#GVO6$/[

M=HVVG:B6#[V7KSG.`G%^]]T+ILIYTA\IE\LL5LZ@N2]$.+Z6;_9M\8X;'G9^
M+$9R&\QC?.[NY+?C9!%4N6BH&72B:I.41`*Z




U5+!`H5ZSR8C3KTG3K[V
KYS'D-Z98?WA

P_PXU(5)SY8B@C7

$:

M@[4VH4&501??QS(*H+UL0,+).F.'!9(T@8P+)D(5Q8(`DN-E@@20L6`)





/PRU`PS#(#6$\
@X6*#89`@

K9



)G0&DPX






MM!]$H]EM#[&X^_O3__CC&\9=DSO6#7=/!V3@#CJ]4]KO&`/#[CC#4[=##6Z?

M

/B7EC$&+?2'E*[3+;^_SAIFKKO'&XSAOU=-Y:



:



MN


MMH*3)]JJ*-TN3B


R$4-




M\)9K$N/+I1%+$L2PJ)1SB
OR.;!8O:).&4M
VC9?H\KJ0


AK[A9UJF:



M&+



#$S

M

-54G5XP`!!4.```$.0$``.U=;7/;.)+^


;P$]_/U_<3-Z].9U
UE&T_7!R\OS\






:#*CZ
2G(/IWQP_1L#52T3Q
D+^^P<2/#)KVGGT@:YM'(4/X#-


MP+_D8X':S


M%0VV

M\(:CJV_


22K[ZBC*(4I;.@D








D\_QNP'SPE

!J0

L




`2@SFTCCR
M





*O/]X].YH$H=`7+!-@GJFHNNB$`KH

M;2CWK/0R6

MI2TP_O#Z






MREL

MH-Z%:!+/-JRL:_)RV&S)#A1)_EHONWS$'C%EXGF'Z!-V^8N78
+`KXRT\AO.

MI$D\9+26GCHKE9CEE@9JJ]LVO%_3N'$-WBA86TG*E[N[IS#'CLOW3.+QOZ4[

M#FCEC4[53%1CF-KI[H\@CR^PIPCBR*:'S3HRVP@/4A3%?F6\5NAXV1GPUJ((



M\?VZ+A5)JIV6BY-YCB@K/E`MKRO]^$^G/C1=;*T8%U
B4[A)!+=?9V;A+FK
M=D99:JID31V.)/UVEFQ3
WB?U;KM(EKE-F:@2'RQA+&-;V5*-34(4U&8L0^L
M@]9&(NNCW1JZ



ML+OVHAGI`FUCZJY9/?+E15'

P+
%;Q)C/O]1)










M+.EX?T_P#
YKYE!#=G7!C=^.%2MW);#@SN(/_7F3.77L&2WX[!*G?[K^#





MTHT%@6';HR

MAX9ZYJ-&

MG'%O]NBG=RV-S4DLW/7R10
M!G@R_([M+$0Q99(\G;J`K'DO8;78MI;ZG$I
M4KK$+RA6/M%*X\)YO@6=2['C,_UT%V^W/D;=^_5AU:47P+Z=4IX#9.P&[:&
MEIKWW$
S
M]8,=0@O$W3=I6]OI^U%K*Z+M:61EE<<\C(OTB@:FVC=\'JHT_)^*-)55IH]
M`WG1+!=6FD
#.2*AOZR

MN$JPAGW\/

4%TER^J





$-*)2

M29GI3.\U_!6O1`['@`XMP7^+==N67HB-S3+O205QVY1M&:O^++*4RV%A5Z,
M`LU)+_.ZKW+KOW7NI6.I'T
SU7+







94[XVEN;ABS_B:RF8
/U@7?0A4$8ZQVMKIN*


-DX`DCI'TE
AW:!?^.=
L`5'/
MA[QCN_C1^:1\E*$
Y5E6H#RK1^CX`^2FKC
C4EX;G?*Z1


M-


F=__T



M(*9J\.8=&8WW'D95

A.D7W?O1:K=UW'@J



M
;9[JIV[
1EKBY?:N1N#L;9ZJ-W[
1EMLW?:M1=CD;9ZIEU[
1-I]KK#E+A^

MS;B\L3YR
SI[;(_:C
T@VR





4-Y*U`NBU^
MOS5)):[L7&`5Q!LV
O(.;[

MT)UD


#-SL9BVK2`XK/Z9D1DJ+1!9M0Q=F8
R.HYOK
M:34U


MSH:S
@=D3$95S'E!!LAO2HYD]V-!.LAW7M78;0
??M+JJW_AQ+O[`E19\7.
ML.,-)R]\)%W'UPBV*@VP)B#X(


`DRA[^BM%\6?D^-'ZPJ%\4RHP&0#BVL&4

M\G?I.X&FA5$;Z9L[[*!VC2*VS`P@]BY^#-$O

M\HJ87`YG=.60U-8J$IR2$_0YN#=
4R1V6$WC`OX]4'@.GOG7WP#$.73@8HTJ
M40SU$C;()Q@T20O
%:;)L]-&\GU2.MU`PHM
QV6YL.

Y6\Y:YT_8

;'&\G=.@RVBT8ZYI2Q5]0I4XI8GGEHASEW(-W8.%BB

MPMIKA);

)H

C`Q
M
S`W


P8X.]N0OCWYZ]E/R_;_A_@S?L1__G
MXN'NS;L?WKYY\Y)EV[_\^..7+U]^(

?/NI[?OOW_[T_<__?ST

MG++6FZT7[]XLHNC-`^^5OGD@*:&O)/BA&C2J`+]A+(W3OW[7P/CUF48_)'3]
M(_O





AG\58O`#V?H+1
D

M2ZJA+4+XE



;X1IP]GU5RY\
M##V[!`-:O2(SDMY[.ZX0L/G=

+;!V



F-0]'V_NS5N6

^M%@D2E79$4H

MD)BL0NL6T9Y$V#UE-V%6.E;BX#*)
T8$832.LY^-/V?SQLPS]M^/81QN\@T3

M9

'6


#
72//PH8+VI^;KGBFO\=



MM2)1ANLWX_0;R4AUYQK




M@^PK0.A&$J14WQH;:=
9=
M^-MI9I_@0'


M3A@+=X;U
(`2Q%P:9_T

Q_.((_W)0
K?\:1



EM=1Z3QA0U!_?R9?'_@C!FEH@$J


M1Z?G

M`RUDX@H7M`3DM']_)GIVEXP!10&#@'S]3[*3T772[FST)1MV810U]XKXBK15
M]4I&K*K3V2@OC^2#;:C
VI/3+&Y^+FJO*J%+0MU54ZH:GYJ;


M-43WA1VAO:`&Z+ZHHV
&J_&Z+_4(CPU/!I1^A-.P8IM._N49TH[?7=`76@
MGOA;CP%)#`WMB=K;#4WQ_

M*$OW/SDVG%0__E6GC'QU6QV95OJ


A8


M:=6L%F/1ZPR-JV


M&@P`@R]CJEC]HGS#LXTXM`/Y;@Z.T+@.?B23KR81_0+&H+2*\H]D32H5-3

AD^B?*)



MB+DJ0C^\1NE$F.LEF



LS
\+LW#K*
3


#






OQDHS0A)K*O';S/$C^VKR*N?SXB6^3.%--JZ9!1O;*J)D!U(8[)J`NK+T9
MJAY3B=2:(TA
J)0\]BQ;YHM-0K/PCT(N9UN:;SD25*(G?S:'D7+/M^\CH:^A



?%QHV;
MA#+Q






\OMQJ


RM1^8CK+8_`

M6:Q:!6[%DX\)KV#^[

`TE;`*ZCL7\C(NO?3E)DJ^I+=
9:#L



-`3]Q'L@JYY=;

$B9L

M\9H\
$*7L?@*D0`W&F+.V&)L(BE/K:^VM]S2)+C_9%

MRBW
M_
R?B1;C^X/O


/QG^):S]D4?S8C8&,KZ`6(N


MR1=]^PL`SB%QX!N5QR\Y]I-S+YFLK2:?7@.-P%E4VGPX1@
``2?$7D5;EP




M50NFZE^7IJ
`(WT@VYSZ+WPSKQIIA=W@9!TA\?=J^=#5?4`1M!1$5#4$I+B
MIZ0*,&6KG5VMV8[GLO,'%KDK;MP`O08P






M):ZB-M'@VVZ#

!G^C8)V&\?:XVPZ!KI/A4
MTN%(3Q/#:KQX=4SS-!?UO2E*LSKPX3V^?3X6'UHI3S4#\&WQL1@@RB:J^8!7

8S;1;)NH#2-:96


?2OR]XR1ORLCAW@XP0P

MWJS8=HT;[W6J^723T:
6-6Z\U^`0W-)XO1HX7@.?YIVGFW];0P:RXDWVO2Z=

M2\.4VU9)RGE5_/3PJFB#82!/POE^OLDCGGI91FR=/I[(E52V6TFXCLO@%'_W






MN6I-K%+ND;=WFGICF4UR(G7;)DX








M3\6&=]-E@])D5L%_/UWX(HM$A?I/TT6M




M\O9.4P]4:V3_\BBOG'GI;946&'%;:*H?OQB0W6@

M





:/M9G:D;
+P^:Z-J^#%$\:`+`UQK-#^&8
U5&4:[HC1
M;&*UZ\P#O]OTS
5`_$%A0M;P'W6&FAX+_H+



W
XMOUL`W=E@XX1



NS_!!
M$/ZU'YP:_2@=[WN`W+O^ZK_PDLI:$HRZ#V`ADL9Z5-S^DL8XZ-:IGW+:'+H,
MB=:R472`IG_T0V.DC\W%+*K$F0.#MQ3+D)12PB*BPP.7;N1I#$8W?7[4V5H
M:3?QDAX@I2
HV7IAL']E;!%7SUEJ`S(8``9?Z!.NS?8[9PKZNP\TVU^Q4L2N


J9?\2(&=
M8M68#E
/?+2


.0V]_T$VGH

[P!<)@LS

M_7R3%RG&R\O;VSA+AK\5/.@[V+AEK\YR#Q9:_#@:OG;:^/;[S7;&HT[IQA-
M,,4(.,E#$JZY7W;+6#]PL[,/CC2..?W$$=K!7BX5L_*1W'E/1`A4$ZNL\D
M4`_9%V%:&KE8;7;0J=@P:60S:E0L*E0CR1B8ZX_

BBL$

M65K:H0OG]QI





M0])'P&KH








S`+OK_\



-I_VQD?+G4])_$I27LVK(+38
?6).N

M_LIDV#5WI7=_2#0,.DNHZ&_9Z_R'!:W14#U9W:;I0^/GTVH/^H#XM40WNT+
MGK^Q+BSZ%[NZR;VWXS\J+OSB/_\HRV7U[I

M3[_CU)U;H2C%A?V*.


G;J&.U1OF4%=VZ
M);&+E'IQ(_O?%EO
9
V`O]^
LH-PX@L=32VO]BAK&]SS?Q)%I[*`'IS@+4OE



MTQS

MK/:6BB\1/




MSI5*I:K[^JWF4B'.-

MDTU$1P9JS`E\NHC:C@'P;#OM


MYFQJ

!1'Q:KV

3%M7R3T!4)L^(&

E%CC4JMY[E$1#Y

MPY3)UN]&DO+[4&+'[CAPI6A2*S$D@9`\F3`G3CA&,]DE:G'N*[L$N$DGY5E
MT\_9`
*0#C





@GI'N(.F+3P@K`

MSO%))Z8L[B'W6C2Z25G7Z0:44F32#E!PW#5&[4(7_^#]_P6!1P/R[HV)38
M=*Y@?@QQ8M-BZ%O$_-*B8S


M[M?M)1$.(+:3S

=8NQ-C/;_YX:*K!SI]


M(7!#33KZ?5Q+RIDOF6\E*F?*DSD@$!%?R;UY1OM8H291JV_*

M\LS;W\R
+Z'/6'`51CE#=^U17A$Y9=)7P3:(N/1C&B2U:SJ;0_B[CHDIV*M)



ZYQFO;V\P3)WK

M5!S$TW*(]@[-FA]0FQ.:YX3F_GJ%V8UU4!\D5\A4%0-S+HUXL&'VJ@SDEB5A


MKD)VABO-'-+VL`7]#PM;JSQ_NS4(Y4PU*R3&/4
5]G=QVW
G5$M/1W%^]-&$



M&10_'_Y)/'K#VEK!?QC

MV;.
VE(W*@R[3G0KAW



M.8@7A
1




MNUUFM\MPM\MT'!?EYKA




ME%O/$4O2F;QA!F).?;YVB1Y3]8`9
DNI_Z)W@0T$VU)#T3N_!H)5V93`76#G
M6=4G
XTO7]



M]J)L)Y.\Y8WG^

M6%ZJ@



MV+_-@%+X5/


U[E
=#
M_XQ4]$_3:$QI9W9A2UF6I(/6=F:\QCHMH(HLJGH5XW4B])I


+(5EU_-54IHMGIN.S(W3_

V1





MTS8









MNG:0KD
`W!`RBX$*
KLK35T*]NH^5DZ\6/A1'\6FC6?.NQ+_RT:479WW2<K$
M/;YI^4\N2



V-

);WFALU-K2M#N/`@_DA)9*#?YTL
9YT&FX:J*6












Q[6R[




M7D;+OR]7E5YV[3%))%YWKFB3H5[SVQ&J!=SK1V7WF@-4MR,35&XGVO*#P1



Y0PM[.;'?JHQS3[(AMR&8M+5



U=
=EM['=2C6CH$2Z




#Y8'(R9-



MOKH/'A1


SP(CKN
PYE#\0GX2M7



SAR0)OH11
MQ';Z;9QY\9J'[93KR&AF5..,.%O]C4R:@^9*2
K+4[[;)
J@V--W&W$565H


MZHHDS4T!GHLBSG[J%P)T4LI1)Q9GJIE/_5DXP#F(/H=G'*YT2[7H\WBL
D:F

M#@Z44?*D$;-Y8

.^0



.(^2EKC8CR*^)3XJ4D?2!I'O%)OV&'Y#T_


:

:3@
)DSN[@6`Y;
-+








MC8W]M3F-6&@0$G+\ZB2
U[0W8F3J4'O#01#CO(UOPM=B&\AB97L
A!MODE
[

MF(+*!(





8&^S@[[ECP$IGG*B;FE(^$G2[%

QNL9H/5;+`Z%5#`S596


/I&QPYQ']P*HV]N4J[24SSX(I;U\$@51?`(X]EF#&Y![;(98WUA
M:#:EZII2Q3(LN$D5RH@

'$\S#![!4Z]


MBB


MO:;+13?JH5&I^@?P.(:VITG5$3U.&&L4Y]18%;?7H4G]&[IAS6PH9`=D+/
M&M5\Z;A]KZE.@!OT3`

MN-KQ*H]^L6Y!7I1:1%'RA3]P=9/0JR1_SE9YM*='&2J@T='E]SF:T8XK,7#
M#Y75V1%*.66QZ^E+4HY]28CX$#(]]M^ZUUX$?^1-C917WRH+E\\NF;L3RZ3
MM!!ROF[98=P/I6PL?*BO,_\#N5/X&EW1XA-9:W0ZCI!3$#&&#5I3^SSLN


.0%W2V_

M_)VGO$(]WV.


M*M?D]I3/#TD4
97TBT?U\6D-A@OWC1=2?K)S-_SA'!BO7-`)/B3N$YOMA=
M;[91LI
Z5/3[HT3'?W3OT2STPZTG?S+



$(:0EB*C]Y[-#R592
OR/LT5V)I2

YNL#DTZG-1+Y%&9PPXN^DP#;%I+].R`ASLAV_QFI+'

:
N0-3?P%DP=DQO'DFC-#[P%5\?DA\`J6K
$J%#K();H
MFI[4;)&HR?1$OLD?L)PO\(N.U`)8
^??9^;(#(CUT8
W)&UL)K5](#5'

MD$%6S15$@:!]5H


MH4/Q=.5U?1=ZSV'$OL6K)OK).@[_(



`%

M?/A$

MH&*7LR-L=H1]L\9B::QJ7RFT55+22+J;H#G))C/MBD^8;4H8N-8I4&$V
($S
M4
@GK*:D(;JHPU:DH;#/;$JJ#[;?A)D;B
4532G9W&L]
8PFD
:)_.$Q3
MN6^#(Q)NXW91;XI:R38B
6[]-*7R\C[\NSYO]U[N\UIN)T&8R!XCE[)'Y.
MU^94H$3-@4RJA0UZ_D]SI9S62F64I[6Q?GX2YB]W



X23702TZS0V4*#I4G




M[CE.I[3&7S=W9[A*)W.K598AESCQ!R


9L1*$



M3&8*.I_AQ6HT'E4






4?/7-!^\
5P:LS-@=@9
S1G0


9U)G$(H%'[Y
M-A=3;=F&IO$1'(814PC[`(N[)%X_L66P#[0PC

P8V:[K)6SU8,E%E@:B@=)D5.QV`\G`_?
MCM6XX`()GB@;CV^&]:A'PGCG!<5@'8A?]&OA[N?1HD01U(+8BGI'\B7'D


]_U;HVU</9WH+/WG)X

$6!C
?$Q

.N]@=_OJWD%`FK;SL[L@KB10+6;

M:4'







'WX.#D%@

/&B;

M
5ER9F\\H#OQ[[E'V1Z(=C=A[



VM

MRV3S')9)DPO_]SQ

M





Y



0G)$AOF&PD.$$.WKL%FX#7HM:/#)CY

H(/1:_J



)F@



KDL[N0.UKF^)T/IH&XWFAV


;OR
MOUW7H69GB$M#D/N7EG3)L



B^]'H'55I=
MYAS)PXO.C6N(*?9




CTSV_'G

MW=W*7%1^ZGN/?;%Y8VC
P^LMG]C'1^3IF6<IUFX8:1
M(N/I4:/9/3[!P#<`[K&5GCOS7$QYO3B2A]+61*4Z83$?BZ,!7V3B=Z[5P


HZ:!K/BPVQJ\(&O!V!-@U*$==0H




MS%K*K*6

UF]-;`SM(=K

##DY#'@N@R[G$0
MI_H
EE-QPE@*N9-QYH_KN`';M6?M=43;?7:HW$8K]-[0HLI!S5+RXD1BQ7R
M]K,I&:7^/,NVLVP[R[9CW-R*HQ-<3)VO7?UK=S;_(KZ^#M+Q\?3Q\!:?2<-7
M893S!TK-;%5FH\T7]WQQSQ?W9[NWH?*?*WCN]8_$KHF-%WXO^=A&4N<%A/(


BSE*6H&+A<V;5,C*D=K8%/&)+VL]QQBB
M%`%GH6

MY=DNI

M7T%U;()+$O




;
8LPLQDQ&C#$[
M/L!%F?D*'W2%S[88!R_RWM?W?&G/E_9\:7]+E_9\5:.^JHLZW+F?Y=6KI-5K
M0U4I[I!
N2C%M[K7C,IOE)Z#35?Z/.%/E_HD[G0^QTG\Q6/[XHO8T*?O*\3
MOLJ')'0HN

5[-85/!O`$5]BA^@2_II9
M$O.YY-$UU6Q6R347)&:+RC0VSWQ$Z/S*%:&4UY/_6A9284I!_TA
L]&`7^U8

W

M
N+\X$

G(
M6@8*PT'


'P_6XE21
MFG):K]E&I^R@N

M'+/19C%V%F-G

[Z



M

=@R$0?\\]FA$:[0Z_
M:V1OSS&.J&

M=JTTJ.?2S%]I



C`Q
S`W
S%?;&%B

$268PNX-%(4NTK3NRY!5E)]Y/?WE(40]'#TJ6







?`\(

ML4T;DZLY7S##`0WIN.G,XD&EY'\T2E@8^)M_5-7
DD_!U5E.*[








M-)9G;M?4'FP@=+1TDBXW&/9U_7L_
^`8.0'G=V&)?3=/Q9


^H
M5!T^ZX-)#O*Z-$E21ZO




ALL*T


DE$D
H]Y9]#T\V\'*IC^[&.VQ
MX2


MG@SCK$L(@9@4*6&R,9`$!1*@H0H*$+BH5AXYV[!61PRO(VI885HZ3(-D9$

=5
MK-B?W`QUNF]UB_?'.'P-8M?R\3LFP'H&3[;N&YTN8W;33HC2J!6?GNOQ/H
M7QW%'4=OX0;`@94@EO+LF'0;SCWAFW-W&MC8P=&KD/D/-TF)K-%D-ZMHDT%
M`B-"A1CT

P_V&16


M'+:$#[O68$7?M_CN




MB/X)[_B*O






MIMJ!F.*B$DWHIB=T6X%NXL9\]?C(=[37$


SK[GW

MR]&&=@R4'F($5?2L#:FGYZBGK+\K1T_4BY680$7?E!3I*[!E/YW53NXRWV
M6'DR2%]S

M*
8
ET+6L;2)WB]&#:?7(=S44+`0.04*JL1.VOW*T)

V#/(Z
+


M^KQ*MAR2;C.=1O=ZA(103$G1;1Y-:*2IT*AD3J4!M?1LM=3-IQ3C)9Y

MF6JG.$O/44Y&TP







K#


M53HQA-%7PIIBP9WQ4S*!UX)I^

MA


DIWX#6U

MHC2MKWZ@[PU

0F=4%6:5_XP
MV$@HWXW8T[PI#N-033]H.295@GQ&?)*WHXHQ`I73X74CO?+O7JLQ?'`(6_I
<$_<7!OV%;NJY-LWBHTY&22=3.:,.H
HPR2I)&@C:BQ!&E


M.Z2
!&E$::M'6S-J)TI
K4
=1VZ&4U=&[Z&5NHQ@ZDA-(#@B
MTT$$]FD^YK^H%\+P9316T!P+7L(!(_?`H(/G;H.@E-6ZCGRC/)CKA!)WN

!X]`9@_-JS:^#XP$Y=!O*SUP2
!94.@C@4



M7/%S5_1-_0JK\[G.)-.VU3@@(9#T-1+CR5``GOS+.Q#@C*ZD\7@DLSXB?I

#`M0Z?J8^$-:9GN
M





M02K9KV7!4T2TF0LCX.


B+:/(6;RBP8V[#W@!0T+KRL=RY=';CV_+(C)



MHNA







M3/9\+_;86.^5A*E#CLPA7H



&)V`+K7SD
C@




F
*P$4=5SR#J3%1
M7O4Q'-!T*@@T6\UVJ

MV$Z[\@]?:.R%(F-HE_L@8`G3HAFJ%K2[6*TV^2@R$R[.B^?B+;L)
HH/G)H/


_;.T,B_TH;27XV3VK6_#YXH

:FL33E@J*XWF]5
Q6)2O@C4I`62
M-$%^YXT0T0HB@1EU@(*[

Z.;#2BW8.)J+OQ'4E(;[PM_%,
)52+A1[2;@E_*I+P$TNL0Q!@$V;MC?M


8@OFZH8-
M=TQ\ZLD&QW#@EH;&0)_A=.O


_;_$53!P5]`!?[UO.-UH@Y?+(W!(D]351EI%W3U14




^8]6'`D)=G(.&H-P@J0FIVA:0X/.^Y3M?^YS!X8`$1_1(&4<.*A/:-
MB7&D40-Z*6JQV<US&*7R#4#4B*.'EX&#)AH%,ST.-)[:0X;/RTA%X5/DW^
M,+1?P//^Q=[]B7X.D^.',C]CEA!0U./39(+I)V/Z/81N@)/XL\VJ_3@#<^P
MN

00N09[$

M.?)\UD]1^6LN*_*^_\QTB1_3XM147H#^OZY_=L/\`O0;PNMT
&WX2VFY6_+-



A2-*N`]].UV7H&-E&A?CV+4MFC2$DV]@M






<[&CZ1V_N3]X!_$[TE[O2(P;]\

M1N.'_5LW\J*OSR%U#[?^W]S0XU3SA0T`=4D8P*^C042O4X=1B@8X0C:1PLFM
M3U+QA







IW(:NUXCA`G=O
M3]0_



F@S%@5`ITO1XR;UB`3B8

$7\]+J@37)[P?;YALPN[!(`GNM8;C@$#6&.)%

M;U=.1S7F45NF*





M;8L2S`KPDDW(-)QY(^

G#`/I^OJLN1MLY03%A:!J$G+8W=[V.5J&^K@6+2
MMD(1E$



M]-4$*&YK:PD@5V$.!+)ECE_((J2PE(M78OZ'82N7JD(N%-S-M6^O;N)222




M(1([KL.H7[8'AQW7+)S5%MZUC[M&


?5H4:/C;(Q
MRIJ









M+
Y.#BCI$XI-*LEAH(2026Q@_5\T-\_55*(A.4730E*?/3DA;IC[2'^+&A


M$+.C!VL)WRB9-60'Y3]FOT_3?I?+^/H'DK9IR5!A'!]E&6-2058-)CK#H7&L






PNJ6*:/64I3+NGF6B4





M[_FIZ_1+P4=4EK5P&OCN]9=O[0-(AH1.P99,S:ASXPO!)346_(L[#993;3


MD+#M^32].

BVF.V@&7EU:;G




IG]SZR6]QKU&
X8(DMX^P-I36!K[8'DE*8MM&!
W1W(;M!H]9!-?0





M04S[2Q8'1^*S89$J4L95!MB^L6R#;ZS4;HJH?E/0-%(\PB0*LUA-=:G\T[







]ZZZ01K#;;BM\6&+
7O
M('_(Q!7


M:'+LF_0+\#.3K.F?UZ]K^VJV\5V(]%

MSN;.@#%HJEGG


MQT5002_OI!2PO2`*J

`\JS!RX%\


MV




=4






[IJV^O#&Q'9$=@B2L07(7D&*3]EP&\-%XII)

MQJ&_CX25)_?E%

M_6

MLR9(H0WRNVQEG!)W*CH;VP5:!L-Q@7;V
8-(]HH'ZVA1U4`YWVYY%1WJ''VLQ9A]5P$C)








:W8)T7$QVMXR*N'.PL8E



C+3CZ$-[%*IQI?$*+I2N_2@.Q3GE+U[T1^
1PX974*!4
MUP.\$[G.%VFR*



M)0*8(R^#`]Z^7HOLN+P6E3@Q?I


,^I`_Y-(KN:!0S-H-L%TZA@RVD8=HP</:5M6(G1,T]A6PUUWXZ5IH
M21(UTR
-.VOVA
M8K4!#N_2E(U4W4%_
`$X6^A

DX)--







Q0;`?N%&&EAE#5

'$0`O5PP/KX%*)NU;4%%V!
M#!XVI[GU\W^W?]#JSC`J6@!'D3M5O4]23'WO1UOY:,':H:8)S#S+GAZ@Y\
M*%WH9MZ06/0\;&0HZ[:Y8DG($CAI(E$#)I6'^D
IHOL_/P0O_^'YS$VQ!)+\
0VE$U+K`DZPLUC5`53DA22Y?W.
MQ1(A%_WRFP%S!
L(RK6[`MTU5[^!@


.YB?4`#HA73/

MU@(V2L=R@U-V@]OB!E3@]HCR$H*[^A`'RFEV63XT?N*92\244.1&XR7%HCCZ

]VFVX)Y5F

W6N?%`J39R
MC5I5*'[6\\6V#]F0MQ7XX$_()W28()P/_SCST0?KK*DX`LQ')U]C)NIGZ9NB


MI8#1L=BM%^D64)53'VE7%(0//;H5K\;9-K:N076MFP0F3;9&6[R-)M''6:

M9
W#PV6^4^.`B[(#!?V




MSTV





M;)ZLNZD&?$+4Q

M.:%_'K&C[GQX?[&9SQN@@7V%P8Q]&IC8U+
U7BYH]@(*6-(B/[(PR9W[_8L;

+B;E
ME0&3NC!

MG)O]J
+0+S3V0BJ.J2;FV5$





E1CYCD]S9L0
8UA5\&*







QD^A/@;744\U2.39_`HMP\

M).088$81B;?'(PWY/BU/%!./RLN$J7L&O`1YY8@Z%2_!ZJY84BT/3]Y?
M]:PS-)]OLSROEA11
FB7H[0+OZMJJI@$
-]@9Z7/R%SX
TXGU2FU[V['YIVE

/HRB19JZ

M88*K
:J*H-';C@

Z


KD1R30DN8I$Z&A!V2[[/H%

]^-[1V_-C
<-NN%BH&2Z635#S)Y2
6%AO)


=80
(LF82E\FP82PZT4`I

M-K).0'&4)Z6^28VU$JJ.&R`4LTQMD#)Z0PEQPXH.1VC;+NJ+\Z6H.18*4^


MB`0A81.FB/GQR'Z
'].R

X].[/L=A4B0/Q?%)_



MO2
PG7R8&1:_]#
QC$0F!NKB[\Y5V8'J4BJ)C]IE2IZ:8PY\I=8



%VC`?!$\


MQ&`FV+_=^ZC$?WM

M_?I(:7S#VV9\\O8U?^!=X(NTCG=





-!3Q8GK#)CF':\96_H/'IC))/;@]H[#SB:_27SWQ?*S_
M5)'9`$'3#F`Z:@?=&9XMUYN




MSCGV
D4)


M6

M_U^ZCT7M0ONW)TH1#
1H[D;+X'C35B00\JH=L+SI6&=NOEYN'1`T+2C'9]IL



/`6?&?H2.2W^GAW:
;
M/M!WP0L-W0?ZA3M9?;A+\^ST1QG5B@!/CCFKV28I/_#6]?]@0[$7ZKL^FRY%


;/





D^,&F79U(LT*0H]E+=A/\#Z-::.*67M)=BR<[I
B
MYR#R.,'<'N7!7\VF2?,[$VY2-2HSNPR6R98SBO(W_JD()'/AJZT9T?'WZ0R

]R6.SD7MO1X*L7B/E6[7XR

V43/KI#QF<T]N5%;G79;T7IE

+D+
)

M1E)Q1
HC4B!NX`\VL00&XJ8F'J2)?
[`
XS9@)*F0%0A1^L:5#3YM2PM[[UH

MPQPQ.7*[!+T2RF!_6HOMMNO#'878AN[.MV#7ZUVM?VV-:O3+P2/Z0F8`K9G/





M

2;'#M/XA


*DK`;[F[.R69<`49=F!F('6.;VLFQ@S

A7
M6KR(3MNHEP0]O`TY&^1]]V5P`!0H4&(`^169+4)9_

]W1YO`O_AABN::I^H


D@IGX!U+U09_MENK-A1E
MN.'OV5R1YZKXR`QXQV:






M=K8U^!0$6E`7P)R=521UL7-R/#6%I!)46O?8@BQ5%HWVYY$1U25APMS9;M;-
M:

MLJZJ




]


MX(
LEQ6VSO$\PE?X'VR(V4D.&8!8%7ZR#8X9K_R'T7#B$B+`%F52]P-^
X
M0'066I#'1^W#Z`G*`*



OPR];-S5$&R+]J6BE
ME?5*J(PX@S!$=)D1@MOB$_%,EW*&/?Z$]_(`&^+=0V&QUH$:SOBK?%.Y^_

8A.3
P!/&+IM0

WU]]4#!1U?MF2OKZX9
M
6)8MB`1?0!]'3S.$:AP1]A$T[



MCF:8!7H58;P/T0N:




MLZ:5FQHR+=S5

M&M+$3LCI7?#T%/CB'F1T%3/E[L\Q7^*]_*[D9_=5U'A.@SY]+_E^N%0P5.C
M=9VX`IFRUUQ%4FV262C\FIR1(K-DKN@=&

M4!))3_U





M*4\X/O'S1(734G*@[O%FD$XZ=(O'
M1:G6
?L-3'JKJ]:PW

M:





\K]\5OWH/;.O[V5-89YB[`#=PAE&J/]P^OBR=K^$


1MP^8G&?5&I?!41DRI]P!FMUK.=#I$\+8X]JU&&;2YL
M!2MPJ+DG-#WO#+83PCKHMZ+@T&QB'*VO1IEG?`KBKW*E\BZX*JQ3]IY_=!.(


M2$`H1U4#%`JV6P`&L7P)^VCR43PHB/;!VR4;9ZY!@K;NPN0PZ&Z1+84C]#'4
M$/FYN9B!+W-37OF':A?E1?M3P`_-W(DSU/1[_):I\T?+I^PL#@%`776$GL+?
X#4VA=6[<8
_\^N=VCY










=
M3%4X*&S'C_YWK%=\8`-PF4.OY:Q&ZXMHZ%!I`XZN;5ZAHQQ=9:GHYSF
&ER!
11)2F"!E(YY*&63&?UHKF(T?#3'&JIJ=)M+&?W9V2&TI

]$TW;OC`.KVT





17


M\'ZI^@(J&CJR[WRU29--*E!A4U\SQ#[1N[RK0^0O=F$$V'^H/(&#&9^F4[R/

M[T'L!;]SHZ;SY8H')P5AM77P!;[=


U&=;



M]I9#D2
YP
F^



)F.SEH+)DRFJO!4HWGDKW8$7WE'Y+D






SW-*BRHM4]A


A1E76P;B<-[9D5F\*KBHFE$ZP`1'-9]_5#R.BHM/1
M\-EFEUVY4N`]]3[<


MN\7`:%4-TAI=A@.]*'H7^#'S*?7W'HUTB[B`%R:%FTX+\-!_EF7(8+)(29@%

VJ6%
MM[:&2S(&A&O4965.?U$_WV[N1Z3]%'[T0/G\Z-IR';WT3#C5(=\`'$;7[/
MH!1LO.SV-R+E$B&82
DV0&JXR0)?\CU^6N#YS#=%7B@YN=^BLQ='Y
@%VP.S
V8=;=;1B#@E_=_PWM
!$
MU+`_H'APPBZ_WCHX/8:SGJ5H8S*RTA\1ZL;`0'N24W]I71;TK0!]%!7[9HW1


C-


5R
M5HYX)BS+K9.*(W/4^!]JG]PI=*/'-V3/_E=LL;^X)S85D'5YPVH5&O?%]4ZR
M#MKK&_;GQ`NN]HC[Q'!JB%
%MG3N





MN[Z[_O`5M09X?P3T@SIZS7-JM?^XWB`1VW2@`^Q!5:07NMY7RU`T`[:\'6



M3O.&
MP=6LENDU:0Y!^3ZY&2OA@#S4]=(&K)YF+)S4#D_:\=.)B5#629V$'WJ:D5DA
MU4^





MNEFO-TFGSD:-8J]AVG+J^D[=G'US1/M:NG5S1B97VPJVX77F(&SEW7F[$TQ!


:

PI&X;9.S9!I=CC:6TVA=F_L:Z4
<Z[:K`YXJ[IQT\4H64[P]YLM77XI9<
M)LV+#)E?J17FIRR$V.OKG/
MQ&60M&#+#AZSI0DST%V8


MRM


'
79YU:?__#\`SEX
M_!:S?YBZ9'E_VRO8%P(04=[=@,I`0'ZX8QR[^()0)<_##JP2^BIH3BWWQ!D
MXZ8=GOROTX


G#FC\-


$[G;IC8$ZL-'3*YFQ


1#3



X$68GG5#OP0'&UFO7$
VOJ
/?#<\E35N/Y
MCK5JIH











M


MRF9])1/4]\(KF6

MIH=?7



EZW

M+GS@.*VS!3%R.$=B*Y43(\_4[Y-#KHC]0T=CR(:QHYE/9!


WI%\6X(Y#MI?!L!Y`LELNY(8J]/&[MZB?8


`(RRN=E!L&4@-K1[MIBU
MGW&K0/SRMB-'\INC(PFO6$T)MZB8
4!UY9`+W#I
#@ZSZ9%XZG/`=*6Q%XK;


M556D.+;BJI`K
0GEJRE9*&XA:
M*+L-^2B71W1@+O\8A

M4

M+)RC6@@`M!DSG2%F3H?\5MB5.:#9-^.Q@;YFA_YI*UB@2ZF&W6RW=EH8`*44



MCT]6LUD5*E):-HC''WT9

A



9_6@@^YKB5$U!!J$B
M_BL`K%J*

M(:D8G#'I0'
`$'!F'L[;UG
MUEGX#WG/^-YC8UOO_AS3PY5_^


MPJ_05G'


'&C
M18@C!7E8':P9`^7-9[Z-&F42^'V3
UY^4&/?3MB6O\WOQO#M25Q&:054F3*:
M78'



M@
(KN+?UD:HW$'F4`/*]IOMK#HR98CBXD@JCPB!V,`:;*-`E##,2PW;ZPR;
M&DH-D:?D

MNQYJU;N&4-*@H&0V9O3?!5?[?YR]D++AY3

M0

:&E01G?*`/)#



MSC5HSL6(3-
UZ4SK:]/SP]#$*;/=(LU5F$+?QLPQ1JUU:M9:E1$&&IP*.)K


MZ2F%Y&WR.W\?P%]37`)DP6Y8HP*05VU5#

MR1#6(7!+N(-Z#!^-G]WP-OP:\]6BO[FG
U?PZZ

M8-/%I!YD2O_8`BY^(;

$%4
MCKTV`!5\8@MX;L]Q%+O^P?


MH\;)O\W^/)O-\RG3_RF



%RJ
MR%7#?GKRSD]I'0Z^LU;Q.^%R7

^SJXI

A;W*P&S!KCF16



?@^(D?95_-'UPN:U5K.M
M3#I6-JHZ.!_V-JNPPQ4@7`.2JT`*31F!
FU8'
F;^*=<%=Z48
MSZ.RI`_/OGWPXE?&'WX<NGOLF?`H$S/(


U
/6$?RP


C)5[H_\W/.


);(!Q(HUH[K``7QMS.7FKN@M




FV
M=6O]3(;
!EML1@=?+69!`S[RRH0?J*=UV'X*S8`C^D!YO7E9@V`W?UQCTB
MTKK:6









RAKDUD
MTMU0&)&



5VNRV%+&J)A;X&.`4#+-@Z
M401(+8)[EU;03)R^4*Z8=Y)G@6Z/'XY'NI=E37A-QSOW.R_HH)U!=7E]ZJE4



6V.9EH;



UE

Y@<Y0LD$I2<YGPBC1Y::O
MRNJNZ#`'(*8P4M7Z`+=C%07NF@^6*I]%Z2X+D!';.M=OBV:18RLRHA\[G2P
M5=7N3LBQH[]31)6Z:ZO:;@$8?O
9
K]\_:T+*KOX(&CK$B'&D-+#4B$0/*%
M?6_V068`98J@9-8^A




MD4\;F+-5T?/*9)`6G#

MZY3
I:FY/Y5+5`FYR)L9T&`M#QU!SK(!?2V[A



MEZ.VRWH(-6T$:IUB:FSHA92/S-Y2GWFF98RH?A9AK*A4!!@KR^5\-LO&C(DD









)

MZ!^BV'OB*YG9X)H-M'E9FFN?)Y@2]6HZSJ9-M($RHS:@.'0NN%DL%+/J5`$Y



MGPKL4@M25(

\Y(
MGD$GQG;^`/%ABYO1)YA5=?

MU!.J%:O^GD9/4+#7CMG!#D4&]VA]\+HAM^#RW;7?W$]GU^(N_;YT7^Q['5[
M_.CYKK_WW--G&@J.8L[LLK!DIATDECB/'S%=ZEDDE2)TND:KH:\%7OMDTP3


`YV,C^*,^QOLCZEG7=UX0377ZN!7

[-AA\%T3Q74C]

&0&^6.
L%-N?R0$%]A-3A^3Z$*$0D1KQW=!$)R*5XIE:


MA?#0B.[K3D55YUE(1OVP!^C'A\EY)^8+#-^]T@LU@RD^CT$9)!7GNITK
M5D=34;;

:_J0=/#



%H4KF

S

M
#I0&-Y0J:.FT#/8Z\5


'J*T)R8X(URHH+VS7TUBSH#P%+B</&7V0ETN5VP$+D<









ZLI66=

N[;@3;:=HUH7



M)7
SCFOOY$GB94.?M_3!\_WT4.D'_R!.V3X%9\;:[
^_A$$4Z3UJ!_WT196:

8Z2AV

MB4YL&JF-ZR=!(W93AT'


DW&1$$82:=FU&/*[%#CUT3!#ILW13&L9J!BRSVFP#V^0



M4:

MKI(!I



W7NY6C@Y-=NVV&

M)(0]\

_D9SH0J426S2T.2%$/S$1-



*MN/M/GT8]/NO(&T0@ZIW2662(H*9<D@L6E





M@4Y(V(4+(:D4(L2@3(V&&2

-M=4X
M?337Y5



]V(1D^92

MV?I

MLGB1_\_?:

+XW1


UTTYL(G1(M%MLB*397K\LX

.5^)-H&60Q-E+2;+XTM5'1B=+%`FYI!$CN(
(1P2P@W10[7

MU;T((R.TP7VE^1^BBRC;U&&+R)FV$Y!ZCC6FQZ?X`=]!9BWD[__KC.753#`-

M+7
9L]\1

TQL9CU`TV#S/H?/$/Z_TN*_3J6B?OU?^F%Q%;CK9B8==+R7VP
MT&
2

M/T3W4;8)GI]S/7&_(/7\D2^A#/D2R_1V]K_.D34U%TS#QXI/]2
3K7T+?5WU


KD'\^R0)$BZ)IK[PY(D

M0HT!9QG;.

D-O
M
D&FJ6-.WI&^(9Y/7JD;XJ^DCHIB(Z-#V$?Y88:+?PM.3`RON3#U@+'2\J4/

BZLIAJT)AK^*
-&P?X7K!FYJ*73!`Z4TX#]-$'D(I/\X-RYZ_N=^_I


)8@



MX5F7^A'&2*S;^EDO?
FB8M\7^N1Z/)7\NX!-0-Q]?'9/HUS+'Z#)92YR0
T#
MU^*9[0SE:P*Q=:8O*2A\F7?\)_HV`![_5N7Q

M'_R1]LT*UA[%\3NJ;RH-.Z8J+GIRQMG-]H#74MU=J4E:Y.#;%JLURU4KYA
M7_00VYS[!2]+!U46JCDUYTG[9+/XR?HF8H$1QL_MW^P2J?5C$!ZIQS=^HRN_
[ILY%1;_
MEUA@-L)'DU*_O8O1`ZP6I_\R$W\)@\CXW8:&EBZ(PA7J@\=JRXVQVP\I,4MU
MAPL-+I
IAWJ6L&?0LB/-@9N0*=)ZM-]@
LGM
D+7?74XF*)T%B1(\?@]5@M
M2?Z09:DF^YEAK6BQ/P$1_-&C71UE=Z^[+E







ML
*MJE[=1V(QH!+X$S=NF$X/P?[
E1'ZHEH&0_1V
=\L=_^S
%(/_4U*K&^`
ME$I^3[4=YY;JG.S^L8[=OL^`+:_LWBSZ!.(Z3LUC`Z



M*F7KK:2Q_2N+(/[C[




M\4O:0\I2?S;
OV;?R(^]%\K'^]'GX.3M7SO%?;
D=))L5`]\$&TW;\MD)ML1

/E=BL;8



MG9
E!Y1RQ=`]E4RXZ&3@3G[GTHD0C[:A9MQVIV2[6[4=^6)-E\@MHP_L*!1(

M011Y]R?Z(8J])WY?ZPM_]?8H1?SVS`CY;7#VM;F%QFUT2@H8U1)PP8&EDPX@


MQ'R^[9Y(2`_GO9CNL



BX'F^LTDG*JDXDLHC



MT=



M:WL
:T#:XC=4:'[=4]\-O0R#EEZ%@-Z107`@[WM9E&%6BK'CK7'WE9)(5O



MB#4-RCM*FGI.U$T]Z+1[.=O.H*2@2\.'.)$:T2D%[.^+.0?I=_ZS/?EQ^H.@


M9
Y#SL\

MP@S07H

TF*V^A)SU9^?
2.
^00[I1GH5P;X]^`-I;G&EZ4:AQ

4Z.#B[()&I4H:T)'T0F6`.1]\.1ZVN-+VN=Q

MZD:#+2]-B

P_KVO.


B




ZQK6W/FT@?-5SDS._
M0@G@RM)\MMBFBP2Y%#*;8_4%0TV95TUA8E[AZ$&2#^YH=T'X0'VK3)
4V?

MMP@7;MI(*J-&;35Z\
M






M6



M

QML?'!#GZFD6X]3/SLA7I0*@#-++];)

A3S

A]=$MCAJ&FE`Z#+
MK2&



T]GYUO.0D568;J)M
MY:!A2PGSW6(#&:O@KL*
PC\F'%=C'_T2S.6QS_`5F.Z.MXIY6+S1*+[ULT%;

2G'0D@-FAQ
MJ47@SQ?






VI9)*(QKOF8]YRL8;Y0=[UD9N+F+=]S-LG


+O7+J5T.QE
L0/G#7`0U[G




M4^-3K09T-W]VTE1!
Y)!


MQYBJ)NHT'I8N/S/A5+/4


YM.LM]1]KHY2IH1#-]7`

M(MJN*=BRK=U9##YQ:W4#WVI:IP69&IB[SMCHV]ZC^D




:__'/W]


-.1SH8J^O[O_[UKS]4
MOZU;Y_'?\FJ4AS2L4)(@\!VW!?W7]_MFW]


.IODFSL

S;-E@./?JP.=P'05Y'$^7[3%D5D456=

%
M0YGJ'=\@

M
DII)K=-@UA*[YALK8!-BAS`[_OD$PGN
E
M)A=]&.#B`;VAY

MN;5'NX\&?=H@!+

MYZ.??
$QD4+


MV#(F$A`Y4-%@*:-O=(.
*-
M:O+.007!#1%MN+C]1H6/H6<78TC5V2!\L=@2Q4,K][@.:O2;RLS\LQ5I;N
M5T<Y%.[)A8Z+--J@;&CH#WF*$3/PC`MB:K:@$A^DI4H:BDYQKB1^IA!-A^S
ME.C?Q?8Q(8HK^1J5\#=4



FJ/+


;/@O.,=ECC^O:+NF&TB(U;1#6)


M#_WCC\)



H0-DZQN@$]*$3/.3+-@!@S\BY0.!\W73<?EFAG!$S2_4P_T)150(
G$Q


M#;)!9/&
;/ADVXH8-B4_B





M?-$!KD=9`O+?'1V!0U;:(2:.&0MWAO4P@!*'41IG_0RF9W39LW9Z[ZN-/:9$
MYCD$;NTS'\X@C^N2X2H^X\CIPX@9&RNA?WNLE2/Y43=X'V55*'UZ]!/X*!)@

B]B:E65M<ZG:_/A<U=W&LB98FD-4M]6Y:'LL7Y
XO$O2X.16

TJ2_\3I
M5_R





#R;Y.&A2T:-^C\Q:-S:@)HX/D?DX:';R%N$/KK
MI!'JT9T.


@@VM5T9)46^_\FQ@7GWXU]D'C;8R5A')FB=
M$?2-YL
Y?$(ABJMG_SZC0HXE9A=+//05!J0U\@F5\T55F9#'EM(H5C@]E(MY
M#&):!;*N4


F_AN




MYZNWHPU^#KZD$U_T$?V





M2@I3AJGKH6M@@94
I@R+
*BD00E60I@R2EU3Z`&6#Y!U+GE8Q#;O!BW(.I?


ME=3D@^5X5^NI




M2
BU6RZ%T#+/*K*CZGIY1%E5G9(3;R_3TW(!F+JXYJPL5F2!_-[
)9^3DQY.
N,J-X;$AVML^7Y.'1T\D5/H1'B*#
M*_3W'R1]O7QBJ4\L=3FQM*/?U\N70RRKI8\+=$(IDG%)R%Z?T#WP.FB=7LK0





M]E:I[UT7K)96W/%!@O(G](9PB2I9GB\4
YM:H1DE:W_2`[.+$AH0FNTCG%,
MYYV*[.+#3+*S#T^!$\KQ,XJ7*ZJSO9$I7Z+/Y?H59?/%3OR6#6A2'



MX_=50T1:1G'X2#^08MJ6LWR=(
E*[.'YU,N\UGTK[(V^PIKIDA'6AZ
94]
MJS_[8C]'_*+C!(NON@7DTHVKOO9EGE4KXI


+`KN'Q1
U'557E\&A94A_!

DI\R+#%.+'QE;^3MW]'TY2@)THX
EEG
MNO3T



U!


5Q@7;Q-;5A?A=70QM43\9R


M#^-^2HK0)



RTM**7W
4BJ`15?;+SFM?#XG!SR!]G84%$
MLR(F(KXX1G:43UE)D:LUPMMO1/



MYT!N'&

M`FM







M#.`V?SVWH\9`#O'+



\3K:Y(?N7#D?JJB'


B)T+6RW:!-FL?L




M%0+YP3_BH5

KRC;X
(0!XG
2/Q;8X16
M.7C=/P(&5Z_H+ES98C_-RH6EUQF!4RJ6M$$05C5BG6(DW7N]G6+3H`2K'OMP
ME$X3EANL8-JQU%


82DD9]KBG/4(R[[C


M(C^GHD$0JHIG?!DRGJ/Y$U0%SPQX`XL\-C####0PNT)%&;L-DE!50/
RD526


Y9@^;8\OZ__]`&DYPP
MO]8_/OYI!V/TK4!T;^VY/4$YBH-UBJ-%FD;Y'\)T_4
1?$MQNM[6%#8LS[-E

NTBQG&!$G(0




MK\8FT]


M?L+::WUNC3GC'M5O8
ILB@^!F1N*ULA.3[(\;)3<JM`W-:/\Y_C8M7NPN-JX*A&;I]G&F<824O!
MHN96WM9!2[J_/J)TF06;51P&B?#

9<]7IO?4#$2A



?NG8G:_Y:8AZPSE#

RMU;7!R/XH:$WTZV`CM,*PV]JF^OFK
M`MFMQG;HIC?0WC<G6.

0'L,%?1=*AL#BZ!EE;S$M;MV*
6MI


MKKXL/+TNLP8H6#GG*CZ13CJ5$%CH(6_#O]M'`7Z/G0098QQA[TI,D=!!4K!
M.MBI72.CNHNH2&/6:_)'W3I_6U9=@Q+HJAD%TQW%N@RZIH8
^+^AH4(4
M]RL^J$
U.(8/ZE/:)O'LC0
%74M#'D0)1SGHPAA#[IG3P`S0-3`T=J9\U#S4

MY6XWL1^P5I5_&^:X]A4C1)8EC4\-#_Z-U0[C;@X56$;V_J#?TVLJ!?_
BWYH
M



'$?BS576NM1(
%P&KM!MTRI


MDNK6P+`T;KN`6@M!&^&QK-Y02R=H`SVB6U*OV`+H@\-^P86)P-N)(=)+:[LD
MI&0K7)XCF`.ZY#5^(

M!
PY)@=\GB9Q1!?)




Q4-V/A_3#SV7QX_^!WO]7

R;D+O=:$8;R'.8;U


M9?]).9)9/I
CGRW4C`-MG!3]@WKE10#B)QG=`[54B
]PX66X/)-[C.A1(5T-
MZ`TE/W[!Z6N.LC=J2+C'F[+(O^14\*=)B!4Q^BDM8(+W]CF9LSPOU]5TYO3D


U+VY\6&@O##0ZR#+MF2I
MU






?L(:1J_]



M52D;P1@-\--4N`Q&O3=0:BA:EP'EM'/(14!P?!Y@
\:%BX+C+]N#
:F%P3Z(





M

C23Z.3B8D=%<FJ!M6<!LW4S@`W*/0N0)G0QN+'`
MYC56(SDS$OX%J%4RSC`C8WLLH%;=N/BI.9CDH!;QN/P9VAND!]4$\3
TGOL%

;O6**Y:#[YW*]#K(M


@G
M`?LD8(M`C!8Z
=(3H!W#23
KL


M[:A]`


RM
M(G.6CSMYXEU*_1A?A0**1\97H?!5*.RO0I_TZS22/NEW!#!-.9\LN^97[23


M^

7A





MGL=S/DAYE-Z[(73R_#PV].%N3RVKOCW^YY-AF1(7K9VGYW9C04\?@L`1O
M*'+=NS^9Y[SL?




+])L77W?2M5VLO(C.DU$K6ATY-MO85(2QN_(RFD%K)S.
M]&R=EICG:3<SM@WC\=BU[#G.)$<0E^89$\7@EO.$T[$0?AX=*XCCMW0G[K
M39)N$6H]?R&LYLYO#R5`%:@B79`
?\Q6.:Z






MP/&
@_!7P4=/&]EY$1?A@



#.@NW6[





M*5Z^H&Q]@UZ+]FN9%HQCE`1IZS*GL0VC'B7E'A

MT&IL@^XG5$4(/P89Y_P4-+1-;U56BP@;1##+K[;MWPCN?H4!C*SUZND?%%V3


G5K_R
R#E.;K91?1Z-V7


%E!11XE^?8+L]#9.#1#A?7))7I
M-C)]W


M_35#8L=X?S]7N.&[0'BM;5!^G01Y/E_\'&34:#//GN+EBNQNE(5QCAZS.$2'

2*R?I*@Z&H[A'V%48UX;:[3-3GGHLT
M_%50\%[8U!`=F$BA!:VC\;B_!JI/U;_(R9*O5L0CRIY7Y+)B$Z@XAFG*6S;?


MSM;T8)#BYZB+?1Z(F(






M(?7=-E:HC'$_E9TV%JG\C(I=0


8_=V;=Y!9YB]
R3\BBV*09



1^44X/$Y^[+X/(C2
.8H9:O48



]Q#3V^7KKJ42?B


N:/\(Z1/7KNDSU









CK'17'X

MT-\9
5KG]56I/%5FT)

$WN-%FJWKD\N/:5]Y&_)VCG^A38R92Z0O'+
MN.+=\)X^!;VL]LXS\C;2X7]/G22O^Z7V^.*,$7:^;
DM*=/3R=MJ'9`:
A_YMKO
M:PW%%*&/8_O<)?M+B*[K0VJ/Q*X'M(\GV-RD6S2^GFY^:(^?3G4B_L8.?D:

1O54).C_%3OK]U[F@&:D5A


N/Y!3.@H1*C=&:
M%KTE.X+L#W3[;8-PSF5.KC



+M&]JS9


P'#&B1_^H='!H02[ZDNL-Z^MK)G*VO

M&^!`:GG86PD##.?G5B]U])=.1.``P0AJYHP18`?=$%!C1HP@RSU%AL60.&YI


M@@*=
MT
TT=3W\A&6Q$!X0:]H23=E1#_5E


M_Q0D97UA)DGZE28/RK+)Z&FE*'9UK








MZ;U



L;!*X&ONGQ-/\#:

M
F#][`/'
2?NXPX71/D
S+4
M^Y^/8@+34*);0SBQCM0WA6L[H:'G.@GRO$HYK%0\Q5.L=QQ7N%7?[$-V^#GX
M&#QQO4,YP3._Q(8LJX(1W.0FGFDF:D:NT
WU8



1THS(QIGQ-G2-S))#N+.

`HJ
M3W

MH);W'QSQ)

M`
/*#A\7X':L4(
@K`?%1CP_A:ZZ!D]8J=_CKLB=RZ8!#U:V][C@=1/=#AC^


M]

M+*Q[^BS(BA/#&FAA7=QG@?;8V?XC+
/:63!DZML_:MSH3NO;MF#:L'8_KV]
M6TOO[5DNB'[\I-P56L:8'NI4*%'/OG+.BUQ

MI#V]R\IB1:]C_M/@9K_A$$KDJ&-PL+-L#UT[JH


NL/U2GYZS
M?HH(#Y


MS\;D

TM_:@WA2\Y^)!^FV51/**'U4O*
MJ_F0W7UX[39S?/+=&_*:C#]?L(.[G'A_A)`[F^WJ%5H_5`0(GQ7Q1YQS/




M[M*L$A1:X@R'!U$/*QQD:8A0E%-#*4
J.T`^(TO^312'H#&0#7Z?0X0#HO/3

M$5DKE-I



MYT`O):8&FK1G&&HE
4WA1

MA%%TK(7&6)7@

%]JA
M-,*Q;'B%?['<?IP!90CD;^5$[6RBS3]OV
#71O8$55FJY'5C9+K^).5W'






M_S5M9E/_M+%7@$90@(8]N

MYH%O/BW


5DG2&!99;;S7B$EJW^S+X-$QL?:.^S^(\_A9)

*RT+




M]UT09_1JI]$WA[-M.^]`SK?XJ;2D57V]OU)DFW7
^\?'\GN:


])JH8


M?WQ

GS!2L
8'L:@0-DK#J=)T#R5Y+30
NS'C!


`)\[F@

+
=0.RCZ





45AF58T`;;&K)*EEMPPZV64:K%E!D?XZ+U3V.XK<X*H.$[9;M\]\9
M_80;EMN6X'92*D/'@'\ZB!M\UK5_JAR_:T+GDAR\2,T:SQ_!#0[ORJ+VK&=%
M_'L%_7RA_,26<!!W^63;O@9QS1G22.X12P-@7:YLMX7&&[


M3\-+.1SU]X/BHQV`[6\E(4!2'N8TOGS?


MH#'S(2
S)ZRLPY2Q6:?M@)$NV`LTQN*9@)_#N-E*.J*!8?*9@*/DS'B+#3-0

F%X%:Q2@YX.

M)O.8SVA!?CHO]CJ
H


Y
G&Q`+SBD&9/HZ.



/+A
M

M4;`2?




M

J+J]=VMXM\8EP.7=&MZMT6LU&RX+Z!K890P0$W%P




TS0D:*&DOF8!OV+LKA/LN)^NUB@D+Y@
L?H


M<#*+8?_77$=N[^!260\&(-3Z[.5@V;<NC+8^[%+-M_!-3&-(@_U5/(VLG1!



M-C+R[2J)769GL1M.MPJ



M
$H'?JF.8L3%)/RHT&
H(O6!=E\
P8@B/H%UK^D@=*0.#

0\2Z*@@Q$+


(!+FWBL-X8T5'\F'



Q3I!#$
F
3


PV$_[D5D0IE8K!!V


[;]&R5NP$)EF//D-+;AE!X#D/?D4*%C[70&*L2/$8]*DGG*K(


M^4MZ2$PZW'GY/%L&./Z]%@Y2G*=)'`6[S+C'%DGS!:-SD^CS0BB\2M+P5QO)
M/+



M
#UJY)U7KAG3O?-*RWDE:[Z=C$M*B-;Q40$^=5
*%:%1%GQ:IBQ$`JLO^'Q+
M*8P&6.8&I6&`5#2Y0,^_5(*++YM#'RFI10^\O84\)F50KP&Z:/@$RWEMN(8
M3@GP9G]J[+7*PJ^TI34\I.P6D+/RY!83$KN@_.E8KB(EZHY%7PM




=/]`69K/8N?$YQMO]G

M9#\G\8XO21!-?LKK%;MKY5#)\CK(LBW!L8*:+M5]7&9SNN;SQ0UZ+5JGD-0N
M

M\5J]U^J]5N^U^@$.3M/GWF2
`$-@U;E\?9[)&34CG[$RGL+D
UU&4&(FD_WB

FO;9+[[++#!K42-#!P

M])
O.:+60^5$3[I`(8GJ5\5T77^URD=`9V!8_=L3?[&F11F^R#77V6Y^6Z
M_IDV-@
^XA5/KWAZQ=
KGH;\






NB\&11F=/#
G'4BZ-\<?0CZ?$U3I+J&8GN<V;-AC(@AKHEPNE?PU)X
M]4C):F
XRV6?
*@XB!?(O6!ZCBM:P=[2=5+JI*2JNK9Z254+Z%Z=64A#K4




M/YG).80G(SY[`=`+@.8$0)L/9-H4`]T2IO11)#HR(@NJN
=D


NDXE/9P7)(]-/'3)*B:],;IX8=@+PUX8]L)P[Y-HIX?-91B(4;Z





MD

GE!6[
`@.@4]#*BEQ&]
MC*@G(\+RCU^^I`A





8[7Y?H!!3EZ#+;5Y-ZEV76P







M5$/S(B1J?0YO-8813O0'Y,`MU9SO@M0_8=-I8K7+/4C/[V7@LZB__A


M'G2]U0&3BFDW!C]E&;-U9;%Z.I1JO\=7`2$U1



M8`K#8(5I

9U


M[8#[

MO2L+CBO+&X./[D7-HV+*?CTY25[V9)J





C`Q
S`W

-54G5XP`!!4.

BK^SL[-W+

M$L31AZ/3XY
4NF`.SYTX[WSYN3T;'1Z
CIY^W#ZR_LWO[Q_^_;_1.AXO:'!8IDZ/W@_
M`O#)VQ%B.-/CZ;'`U[\[]W&4`/1J[48;YSP




TB#=W`!]NF*M'CD!?!1:B+(G15]\
@^B

<R=),DURZ4
MV100_M$102_

MI`$



M@9]'DH!`K]V`_LT-
T

M





MN7:](
1EW5_-6A#3VW@H?8'][FOU+4$M-)](\7K\KT:($8&$]]7HI?Q:A6D
M[=\A)=QE
+G2`H_Y=M2%(O=2EB)U!G)KY&?U#GFIP3Q;X_Y2L8XK#V5?V

E-
M7*\G4AAO6A)EJX)!&_IJ`WQ9-4TW)3OA#1A
]EW)*67M!2Z*ZG6]O2&3.:=
M)XULEI#?


M7FNDT*))7LB@3^6(&*@)MMH:!7@3(H^RLDB@YA?-U_`0/:].L50@I
ZG
'

M9GN!D[FX$WCN^ZR?-3'FQ=AV)J


M3I7I!N4Q59[[8!$%\\!SH_26/)+P[&L4SW#QAN[63;3.TN0K].HF*A=W36WI
M04&O'E)(4FC!84TX9X[8B



39)9VE04`TR]1D@!S()R

G6CI54.*6!IE

3




M7H;R

M`S(8.!0B4UYMX'IQ2H%K)


M6T5OA=?+4`IIU0H.#`;ZI3)Y



=D_HFD_0U
MHHPB()_

M33U6`VW5:#KY%
M+@E;B+/'SVIZ'5/HW*6G'R9IRB'2?#AC`C=50UY91M.;RQ

M7`VSPIZE?$=C\*ZXSRZ?!%'!Z&4H)[KE







?(X3*R

)T'



+-@:A5




/C$
M5Z,;$*\XT7\.&;);W33N3LJO.*/W3J24?-/4;QC5%/1
3RKU%%QKPO/@F

M&3QQO?3#40H$8'9F4&NVL_/`\/R
YBN;*`C9$:X-H%E
SC+'WY$XVS==%(

*F7S=A8M_*
O;VC\2IFVVD8%T\NF:U(ZWSJ


K]D5(MJ
M4I_):D:HR.PV2

M3N:L3'^29WG[US'E0=.;)
EPC
^3:N?D`?S7D

M7P=4
SUI\?S[?2)2.I!D35LA;+*B%UD0^KRN3O[O8Q#_V:UIO$COY98YJHC
M@EU,)F`^$IB[5[,@8G3/O=^S(&'!+.`$*YLO:'[8B&5LLFF^QG9?$CN[-50




MBB9(5DZ+35^MV

N/QK7N2IAQ6WO\U

_$O
M8?99D

M'B-/#`Q
DBS`Q@NKQ(5@#TL8:76W:Z_LZ_A3W-+MZH5EG7XBM#A3*L=D6]X?


0TC4:&&F



MWTR5K

ENH:(:(*;@
\B$5W62SW_Y`5@L!TCRC1AQ
MU5`=AN9!%W)-2&-(=J=VO5+UC^(O;`TOL@(2L\&T0ENGZWT!.^=E87EQ


MX28!7LQ5+Z0O+2&

MS


\C.E&R;670

=





O.*C+$'-S/KV
3`@

M`````0```*2!4,`&1M;F0M
C`Q
S`W
S%?8V%L+GAM;%54!0`#H
-54G5X

Z24/!+7H``/GI0`5`!@`
M``````$```D@=ME`@!D;6YD+3(P
3
P-S
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`4``Z##55)U


3
P-S
Q+GAS9%54!0`#H
-54G5X

 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAmortizationAndAccretionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsGainLossNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LitigationSettlementAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaidInKindInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_GainOnSeparationAndClawbackAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_WriteOffOfAcquisitionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncreaseDecreaseInGrowersPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_RestrictedCashDeposits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebtAndWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CashPaidRefundedDuringPeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CashFlowNoncashInvestingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_NonCashCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CashFlowNoncashFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_NoncashInterestExpenseAccretionAndAmortizationOfDeferredFinanceFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_FutureMinimumPaymentsUnderNotesAndCapitalLeasesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_FairValueMeasurementsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfInterestRateDerivativesHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DerivativesNumberOfContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLossOnDerivative'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetsLiabilitiesAtFairValueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 0px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SettlementLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForLegalSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodOnSettlementOfClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedUnderSettlementAgreementValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_StockIssuedUnderSettlementAgreementValueAsOfBalanceSheetDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_MaximumAmountOfSettlementFundedByInsurers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsuranceSettlementsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MalpracticeInsuranceAnnualCoverageLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InsuranceSettlementsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTableTextBlock'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OtherIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsGrossExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IntangibleAssetsNotSubjectToAmortizationAccumulatedImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IntangibleAssetsAccumulatedImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R,&5F,U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83,T-U]C,C)B
M9&9E,3!B9C0B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


O4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q
#I.86UE/D5A<FYI;F=S



O4VAE970Q

6%B
#I.86UE/D)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971?271E;7,\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M
38N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC








M;G1I;F=E;F-I97





O4VAE970R

M96UE;G1?4&QA;G



M3F%M93Y1=6%R=&5R;'E?1FEN86YC:6%L7TEN9F]R;6%T:6\\+W@Z3F%M93X-


#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
C8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^17%U




M97





P+FAT



O4VAE970S

M/D)A;&%N8V5?4VAE971?271E;7-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z


R+FAT




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-




3$\+W@Z






R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*



M97-?;V9?1&5R:79A=&EV95]);G-T/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4VEG;FEF
M:6-A;G1?3&5V96Q?





M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V%R











O4VAE
M970U


O4VAE970U
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\



O4VAE970U




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE





#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7

N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC




&-E;%=O







M;64^0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97-?

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

O4VAE970W
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\




T0B5V]R:W-H965T



T0B5V]R:W-H

M



O4VAE970X


O4VAE970X

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F

O4VAE970X

&-E


#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE









\+W@Z






T0B5V]R


O4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS


M:79E4VAE970^
#I0<F]T96-T



M
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q






]




S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q




















]
M


M9VX]




]


T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-E;G1R86P@26YD97@@2V5Y/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XP
#`Q
S(P.30W/'-P86X^




M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XM+3`W+3



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y997




]


]


]

]
M

&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?
M83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E

T0G=&5X




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE

M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C@U+#`T


]




]







]



]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4V



M9VX]



3
R+#(R

]

2PQ



#$L


]

M1&YU;7`^


]

]



M
2PQ-S(L


2PR.3DL


M97


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C0V
M+#@R

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S


]



RPW



M
T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#



]

]
T1T97AT/B9N



G

]
T1T

]



@:7-S=65D(&]R
M(&]U='-T86YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF




#`Q

3`P+#`P

BPT

M+#
W-BPT

C



]

@86YD(#

]
T1N




T1T









BPS


CDY+#



M971S+U-H965T
#

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5#3T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

S$L(#(P


M+C`P

]

@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^



]




]
T1N=6UP







M;7`^
3`P+#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#
W-BPT
M


BPQ
30L









^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



]


]


S$L(#(P







]
M

#D\






M9VX]


]


M;7`^
3

]
T1N=6UP/CDW+#4P



]

]

]

]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C0Q+#



]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#
U



M




3`L







M


C


]

]
T1R



M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@U,PV


]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*

]



3
I/'-P86X^




@*&)E;F5F:70I/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]




]

]


]
T1T

]


T1T;W`^0F%S:6


]



]




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
N.3@I/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^



]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#@Q

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#8Y

]
T1N=6UP/C(R
M+#(S


T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F1S



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B
M9&9E





@


]
M


S$L(#(P
3(\

M2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

38S+#(S

M;G5M/B0@*#@V+#






]


]


]




]
T1T97AT

]



]


T1T



]
T1N=6T^*#
L



97-S

@:6YC;'5D960@









97-S.B!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@;V8@

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


@;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV97

]


]


]
T1T


T1T;W`^4F5A;&EZ960@
M9V%I;G

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@






M871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='
@9F]R(&=A:6YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]



]
T1N=6UP/C

]


]



L

]
M

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0W/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@
M/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D('9A;&EG


M9B!T87@@8F5N969I=!O9B!N:6P@86YD(&YE=!O9B!T87@@97AP96YS92!O
M9B`D

#$Q+CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`\
M+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@(`@



C`Q
R!A;F0@9FES8V%L
M(#(P





M8V%L(#(P
3$N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q







]

T1)1#!%3$5!0SX-


^

]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#







]







M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F

O4VAE970P-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='

M(&-O;'-P86X]


]

]



I/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#4L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C@L


T1T;W`^

#$P/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


















]





]








]


]


]
T1N=6UP




]
M

I/]T9#X-B`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






2PX



















M;B!P96YS:6]N(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



T1T

BPX


5T\+W-U

]


]



T1T;W`^1V%I
M;G



]


]


]


]



M
2P@
C`Q

]
T1F;CX\


]
T1N=6UP




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@

BPP-#DL-C

@:7-S







]


]
T1N=6UP/C0T/'-P86X^




M1&YU;7`^


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/CDL




]









]


]




]
T1F;CX\

]


]



T1T;W`^1&EV:61E

]
T1F;CX\

]


]






]

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]

]


]
T1N=6T^*#@V+#
S


M=&]P/D-H86YG92!I;B!P96YS:6]N(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#DR




]
M


T1T;W`^1V%I;G











]
T1N=6T^*#$P








S$L(#(P

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6UP/C




^#0H@

S$L(#(P


]










M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]


]

]
T1T

]
T1N=6UP/C(P.2PP









]
T1N=6UP



]
M

]

]
T1R;SX-

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@W









2PR







M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C
L
C


]


]











M

]


]


]


]


]



L



]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!*=6PN(#



2PP
3DI/'-P



M870@2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

C(L


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q
R!A;F0@9FES8V%L(#(P
3(N($YE

M(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T93X-B`@




3$N

M.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q






]

T1)1#!%45A!23X-B`@(`@(#QT

@;W1H97)W


]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#



M9VX]

3U=3($923TT@3U!%4D%424Y'($%#
M5$E6251)15

]
T1T


M

38S+#(S



]










]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#4S



]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
M









]


]


]



]
M



M;3XH
RPQ-S





\+W1D

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
W+#4V


]



]





]






]
T1N


BPP

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S



]


]

M-RPY



]

BPX

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]
T1R93X-






]


C



]
T1N=6UP/C0T+#(V


]





M;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y
M+#
U


T1T;W`^1&5P;W-I='





]
T1R





T1T;W`^/'-T

3U=3($923TT@1DE.04Y#24Y'($%#5$E6251)15

]
T1R


MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.PS

C$L
#`P/'-P86X^


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(Q+#
U


]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N=!O9B!L;VYG+71E






T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F1S

]
T1N=6T^*#$L.3@S*3QS


M



2PT





]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6T^*#$L
34S*3QS


M

M9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
M

T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F(&5X8VAA;F=E(')A=&4@







]








]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]
T1N=6UP/C4L.#@U/'-P

RPR



]


]








T1T;W`^

]


]


]


T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!,96%S93PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C4L







M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R

O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

N(AT:&4@
M)B-X,C`Q0SM#;VUP86YY)B-X,C`Q1#L@;W(@)B-X,C`Q0SM$:6%M;VYD)B-X
M,C`Q1#LI(&ES#0H@86X@:6YN;W9A=&EV92!P86-K86=E9!F;V]D(&-O;7!A
M;GD@9F]C=7-E9!O;B!B=6EL9&EN9R!A;F0-B!E;F5R9VEZ:6YG(&)R86YD


#`T
M+!$:6%M;VYD(&-O;7!L96UE;G1E9!I='


+4%
24=..B!B

M;&%U;F-H:6YG(&$@;&EN92!O9B!S;F%C:R!N=71S('5N9&5R('1H92!%;65R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





M4E1)0T%
+4%


L('=H




@:6X@=&AE('=O

M+`T*('=H:6-H(&%D9&5D('1H92!C;VUP;&5M96YT87)Y('!R96UI=6T@2V5T









M971A:6P@8VAA;FYE;'

M+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

#%$.R`F(W@R



M
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

-

M;&4]


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W







3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





N

M93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@:71S(&5S

M;W)I97









M3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X


'!X




M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO

'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R




N#0H@

M;W(@8V]U;&0@861V97)S96QY#0H@869F96-T('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q


C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0-B`R,#$Q+!R97-P96-T





T0G1D].

CX\8CX\:3Y0



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


@:&%V92!B965N#0H@96QI

M3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X


'!X







M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1H90T*

#$Y.W
@









F(W@R

M=7-T;65N='

M

#$S(&%N9`T*($IU
M;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CX\8CX\:3Y#87-H#0H@86YD($-A




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M:71I97



M='
N($]F('1H:7
@8F%L86YC92P@)#(N-@T*(&UI;&QI;VX@=V%S(&AE;&0@




M9&EU;2`G5&EM97

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!#


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!
151415(M

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#




L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1E=&5R;6EN97













@3F5W(%)O

'!X
M.R!



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!
151415(M

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#




@3F5W

M
'!X.R!






3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L




N#0H@4&%Y;65N='






M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

'!X.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W

M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97

M;#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L


4
[05-#
M)B-X
C`Q1#LI(#
V
P-B`F(W@R



@

@3F5W

M
'!X.R!





M=6ER97
-B!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!J=61G;65N='



N#0H@


M=6QD(&UA=&5R:6%L;'D@869F96-T#0H@=&AE(&1E=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;V8@






@3F5W

M
'!X.R!



@80T*(')E=FEE=R!W:&5N










63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@=&5S='
@:71S(&)R





@9G)O;2!T
M:&4@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97








M;V8@=&AE(&)R86YD(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY('!E


V+C`@;6EL;&EO;B!I;7!A

N('1R

M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@86YN=6%L(&=O;V1W:6QL

@
S4P(&%S#0H@;V8@




#LS
2P@
C`Q
RP-B!G;V]D=VEL;!I;7!A


M9VUE;G1S+B!);B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q






M92P@:6X@=VAI8V@@8V%S92!T:&4@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7
@=W)I='1E;@T*(&1O



#MF


C`Q.3MS(&5S=&EM




M97


@
M:6YI=&EA=&EV97










M




M:61T:#H@


M.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S

M96QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@8V]S='





M;G0@87-S=6UP=&EO;G






M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

M



M;&4]

M





M96-T960@87



M




M:61T:#H@

M;&4]


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W




M960@8F%S960@=7!O;B!T:&4@=&5R;7
@;V8@=&AE#0H@87)R86YG96UE;G1S






M05-#(#8P-2TU


3$N#0H@


M:&EN(&%D=F5R=&ES:6YG#0H@97AP96YS97
@=V5R92`D
RXU(&UI;&QI;VXL


M97

M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!

M*#`L



M;&4]


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W





M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/CQB/CQI




'!X











@

M33H@
'!X.R!

M




M;&4]

M
CY$:6%M;VYD#0H@86-C;W5N='


P-B`F(W@R
#%#.SQI/DEN8V]M92!487AE

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@9F]R







@=VEL;!N;W0@8F4-B!R96-O

M33H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z(&YO

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








M33H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@
M1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@

M;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL



M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H



M8V]R9'




M/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W


M93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!X.R!



@

M('1H92!A;6]U;G1S(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN('1H92!B86QA;F-E('-H965T#0H@

M=64@;V8@;F]T97

M;G

M=&5S('1H90T*(&%M;W5N='




M97

M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!

M*#`L




M


M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O

M=V%R9'
L(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,-B`W
#(P
30[(%-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO
M:3XN)B-X



@=&AE;B!A;6]R=&EZ960@;VX@82!S




M960@;VX@:&ES=&]R:6-A;`T*(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&%N9!J=61G;65N=!R





L('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GD@;6%Y




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!
151415(M

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#

#$S(&%N9!F:7-C86P@,C`Q,BP@
M=&AR964@86YD('1W;R!M96UB97)S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&]F('1H90T*








C`Q



M5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@


M1SH@





M04Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$


4


@



-B!A9&]P
M=&5D('1H:7,@9W5I9&%N8V4@86YD(&ET(&1I9!N;W0@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R

M871E;65N='

M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.
M;RXF(WA!
#LR



M92!A;F0@=&AE(&-O;7!O;F5N='



M(&1O97



M=&EO;BX@5&AE(&=U:61A;F-E#0H@:7






M1SH@




C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D
M($%352!.;RXF(WA!
#LR










@9F]R(&9I


@9W5I9&%N8V4L(&)U

M86QI=&%T:79E#0H@86YA;'ES:7




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L









#LQ-2P@
C`Q
BX@5&AE($-O







M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H





M;&ET:65S+CPO:3X\:3XF(W@R
#%$.SPO:3XF(WA!
#M4:&4@;F5W(&=U:61A

#%#.SQI/D)A;&%N8V4-B!3:&5E=`H5&]P:6
@
C$P*3H@1&ES


@86YD#0H@3&EA8FEL
M:71I97

@9W5I9&%N8V4@
M:7

30@86YD(&1O97
@;F]T(&)E;&EE=F4@




M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/DEN($9E
M8G)U87)Y#0H@
C`Q
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RXF(WA!
#LR
M
#$S+3`R+`F(W@R,#%#.T-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4-B!);F-O;64\:3XF(WA!
M
#LH5&]P:6



@96YT:7)E='D@=&\@;F5T(&EN8V]M92X@1F]R(&]T
M:&5R(&%M;W5N='



@

M(&1E=&%I;!A8F]U=!T:&]S92!A;6]U;G1S+B!4:&ES(&=U:61A;F-E(&ES

@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]N(&]R
M(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
34L(#(P
3(L(&%N9`T*(&EN=&5R:6T@

N(%1H92!#;VUP









'!X.R`M
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
C`Q
RTP


#%$.RXF(WA!
M




M970N(%1H:7


M9!D;V5S(&YO=!B96QI979E('1H870@=&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H:7
@

M(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-B!S=&%T96UE;G1S+CPO9F]N=#X\


C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T
M-&

O4VAE970Q








]


M9VX]


M3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


M





3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

#(P
4

3`P

M=&EO;B!O9@T*('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X




M8F%S:7
@87


@=V%S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@:6YT



M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z

'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@




+E`N


&5R8VES86)L92!A=`D

M87)E#0H@;VX@36%R8V@F(WA!


M:7







T0R
M/DEN($IU;'D@
C`Q



M=!H860@82!T;W1A;!N;W1I;VYA;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@)#$P,!M:6QL:6]N

M97-T(')A=&4@:6UP86-T(&]F('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@=F%R



M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


N



@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H
M:7


M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@86-C;W5N='
@9F]R(&-O;6UO




M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


#LS
2P@
C`Q
M





M.B!R9V(H



S$L(#(P
3





M:61T:#H@

M0T]

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CY




T0Q/CQB
M/D)A;&%N8V4F(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#8@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY&86ER#0H@5F%L
M=64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@




M
$$P.V%C8W)U
M960F(WA!,#ML:6%B:6QI=&EE<SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT




T0Q

M:65S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


30[)B-X03`[)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L(&1E

M86QI9VX]

M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M960@87

@.#$U.CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3XT.#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0Q/B8C




M87-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97



M)R!S:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/B@U


T0G

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C


@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L










T0Q/B8C



M

3XD

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


3XH-#8L

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^



$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M;#L@0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






M4U!!0TE.1SH@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG;CTS

M





63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






M/&)R(\^#0H@06-C=6UU;&%T960F(WA!,#M/0TDF(WA!,#MI;G1O/&)R(\^
M#0H@26YC;VUE(A%9F9E8W1I=F4\8G(@+SX-B!0;W)T:6]N*3PO8CX\+V9O

T0Q

M;'-P86X]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[;V8F(WA!
#M

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


3XF(WA!




M4&]R=&EO;BD\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M.S(P
3(F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M
3
F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M;'-P86X]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
C`Q

M.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T1B;W1T

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
3XI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M(WA!

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

3XF(W@R
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE





3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(W@R




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


30[)B-X

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3XF(W@R




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-






M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CXD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0Q/CQB/B@T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


30[)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0Q/CQB/BDF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D



M;&4]

M
3X\8CXD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52





M






M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!

M15A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q


M(WA!

M;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


C=P


@
M=6YD97(@05-#(#@Q-3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M


T0G1D].

3X\8CY
;V-A






M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






#MA;F0F(WA!
#MA9&UI;FES

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH
C
U


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C$Y




M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/DEN=&5R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH
3`\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@Q
2PS
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H




M;&4]

M
CX\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG




CX\8CXD/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/CQB/B@Q
PR,C$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CX\

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/D%30R`X





T0R/CQB
M/DQE=F5L#0H@

M;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0G

CX\8CY

@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CQB/DQE=F5L#0H@
SPO8CXZ(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U
M='



M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/CQB/D%S

M='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!X
M.R!



C`Q.3MS(&-A



#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

@;V8@)#$N-2!M
M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q


@9F]R(&ED96YT:6-A

#L@1D].5#H@
7!X


M


M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O







M='








M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z

'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@





M87

M;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q






M='





M;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

M5#H@

MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0U



T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




M34E



$$P.S,Q+`R




M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z

'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@





151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R

T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



:6%B:6QI='D\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M




T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M






@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXF(W@R





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



T0C

M9D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH
3$L



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M+#
V

T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXF(W@R




@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


30[)B-X03`[)B-X



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH


T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXF(W@R




M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



@

M86QI9VX]





M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M;&4]





@86YD#0H@3&EA8FEL:71I
M97




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE






M='
L(&5X8V5P=!F;W(@=&AE($]A:W1R964-B!D96)T+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^




M

M92UW:61T:#H@


M=64@;V8@;W5R(&]U='-T86YD:6YG#0H@3V%K=')E92!D96)T(&%S(&]F($IU
M;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



05!313H@8V]L;&%P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@3$545$52+5-0



T0T.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#8@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY996%R($5N9&5D

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#8@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY996%R($5N9&5D

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M;'-P86X]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
CPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I






M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D-A

3XF(WA!



M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M.U9A;'5E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^







T0G

CY396YI
M;W(@3F]T93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C4Q+#8P
3PO9F]N

M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0G1D].

CY4:&4@9F%I

@97-T:6UA=&5D('5S:6YG(&$@

@82!R:7-K(&%D:G5S=&5D#0H@


N(%1H90T*(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&YO
M=&5S('=O=6QD(&)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87
@3&5V96P@
R!W:71H:6X@=&AE










;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B
M9&9E



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N


]

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M

CY4




C`Q.3L@:6YT97)E

#(P,40[*2!W87,@87!P<F]V960@:6X-B!-87)C:`R
M,#`U(&%N9!P<F]V:61E<R!F;W(@=&AE(&%W87)D:6YG(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
L


M#0H@1&ER96-T;W)S(&%D;6EN:7-T97)S('1H92!0;&%N+B!!('1O=&%L(&]F
M(#(L-3`P+#`P






M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



S

M(&%V86EL86)L92!F;W(@9G5T=7)E(&=R86YT#0H@=6YD97(@=&AE(%!L86XN

M93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


@=&AE(')E8V]G



M(&]P97)A=&EO;G


N(%1H92!G=6ED86YC92!R97%U




3
L(#(P
M
3(@86YD(#(P



M4F]M86XG.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P


M:#H@








M.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




M04Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$

@




M1SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]

M


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXU+C4P+38N
M
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



BXY.24M-34N-#@E/]F;VYT
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0Y+C4Y

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O


R4M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
2XV.24\

M

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXP+C


M24XM5$]0.B`Q


CY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG

M03`[9FES8V%L(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(@86YD#0H@
C`Q


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

M3TQ

@3F5W(%)O

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52



M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D/&)R




3XF(WA!

T1B


M

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`T*($IU;'DF
M(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
T+#`R



M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C0T


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/D5X97)C:7-E
M9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ.XV,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N







M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97



M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXH


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M:7IE/3-$
CY#86YC96QL960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D]U='-T86YD:6YG



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(L

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXS



M.B`G5&EM97




M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXW
S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M

CY%

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




@

C



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S
N-C$\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3DN.3@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@3F5W(%)O





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C0N
S8\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M

CY%

#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXT+CD\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#(R

M/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!4



M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




XS(&UI;&QI;VXL(0P+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@
M)#
N
!M:6QL:6]N+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN#0H@5&AE('1O=&%L(&9A:7(@

M
#$R(&%N9`T*(#(P
3$@=V%S(0U+C0@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#0N.!M:6QL:6]N


63H@

T0R/D-H86YG97




'!X)R!B;W)D
M97(]


M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0Q-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M5&EM97

M;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

S$L#0H@
C`Q
CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97







M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



Q+`T*(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
3`N-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


M

6QE/3-$)U1%
M6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@-4[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!
151415(M

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#



$$P.WEE87)S+B!#87-H(')E8V5I=F5D(&9R;VT@;W!T
M:6]N(&5X97)C:7-E<R!W87,-B`D
BXP(&UI;&QI;VXL(0P(&UI;&QI;VX@
M86YD(0Q+C@@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(@86YD#0H@
M
C`Q

T0G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!
151415(M

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#
6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE


M+49!34E

T0R/CQB/CQI/E)E







T0G


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
M

MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^/&(^4F5S=')I8W1E9`T*(%-T;V-K/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]2








B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S






7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M

#M&86ER)B-X03`[5F%L=64\8G(@


M9V(H

\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



T0R

M5&EM97







M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CXH26XF(WA!

I
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q/B8C

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M





M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`T*($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(W@R




M97

M03`[)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXQ
34\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXR-XU,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/D-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXS.XT-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


Q

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C
Y



M5&EM97



M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW-XV,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXF
M(W@R


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4R+C(R
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D]U='-T86YD:6YG



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
X
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
S@N
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

30N.#$\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXR-RXS



M.B`G5&EM97


M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







@3F5W




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M






T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO



CY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A=`T*
M($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(R+C(U
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


G!X





3
L
M(#(P
3(@86YD#0H@
C`Q
2!W87
@)#
N
!M:6QL:6]N+`D-RXV(&UI;&QI

M+51/4#H@


3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

M03`[
S$L(#(P
3




M9F]R9F5I='5R97




@=V5R92`D
M

#$S+`R,#$R+!A;F0@
C`Q
2X\


C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F
M93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S
M7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q








S$L(#(P
3



M04Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4







T0R/D%30PT*(#(V



M('-E8W5R:71I97

@=&AE(&1E=&5R;6EN871I






M.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!


'!X.R`M=V5B


M


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


-


@

M33H@







T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#QT

MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T





3`@86QI9VX]

T0G

3X\8CY9

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]




M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B@T.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O



M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXF
M(W@R


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E









CY
97-S.B!U;F1I








M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@T
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


T1B;W1T




M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97

30[(&1I;'5T
M960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M
2PX
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



@3F5W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-







M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C$L



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXR
2PV.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$








M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ+C(Q

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/D1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M3TQ

@3F5W(%)O



T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF



M861J=7-T;65N='

M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!


M



R!S:&%R97
@




3






M('1O#0H@=&AE(&1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W



M97

M5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P


#$S+`R,#$R+!A;F0@
C`Q
M

M92!O9@T*($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W

&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M;&4]
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


@365R

M15A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$

C`Q



M87)Y)B-X03`[
34L(#(P

M;'D@86=R965D('1O#0H@=&5R;6EN871E('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS






M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R,&5F,U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?
M83,T-U]C,C)B9&9E,3!B9C0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X




M

]



T1T;W`^26YT86YG:6)L

@86YD($=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


M4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!X











M:61T:#H@
'!X)R!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*




M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/E-N86-K




7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY.=71S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/






M/3-$

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$






M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0P.2PW
S4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY';V]D=VEL;!A8W%U:7)E9!D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/E1R86YS;&%T:6]N#0H@861J=7-T;65N='
\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H





M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C


T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9'=I;&P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0R



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M97


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T




M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@87


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0P
RPQ-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H










3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N








T0G1D].



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@3F5W

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




@



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B






M;&4]



M

S$Z

M93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE

M
'!X.R!

3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&(^
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

CDW+#4W-SPO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494

@3F5W


M('1O(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CH\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H





T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT-3@L
M.#


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L









T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY
97-S(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D#0H@86UO


T0Q/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH





CY

M86ER;65N='

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/D)R86YD#0H@:6YT86YG:6)L97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$







'!X)SX-


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





3(@86YD(#(P




S8N



@3&5V96P@
RX@5&AE
M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE($ME='1L92!5+E

@9G)O;2!T
M:&4@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97







151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L




M97

C`Q
RP@=&AE

N(%1H:7
@:6UP86ER
M;65N=!C:&%R9V4-B!R97!R97-E;G1S(&$@=W)I=&4@9&]W;B!O9B!T:&4@


P+`R,#$S+!A;F0@:7
@:6YC;'5D960@
M=VET:&EN#0H@=&AE($YU='


@82!R97-U;'0@



M4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E








3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q


]

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M.B!R9V(H



3$%04T4Z(&-O


M4U!!0TE.1SH@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$








M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#
S



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

38L.#8R

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH-2PX-C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M







M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X

T0G5$58








3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M3TQ

@3F5W(%)O


T0V-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



T0R

M5&EM97

C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

T0C0T-%



M;&4]

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/D]A:W1R964@1&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXW
C$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@Q



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B@S.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&




M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


@

S

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*





M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D

M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M9F%C:6QI='D@*'1H92`F(W@R
#%#.U-E8W5R960@0W)E9&ET#0H@1F%C:6QI
M='DF(W@R
#%$.RDN($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W


`T*(&UI



C
U(&UI;&QI;VXL('5N9&5R('1H







M
S$L(#(P
3





#$S(&%N

M86YU87)Y)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P

3(L($1I86UO;F0@

M;V%N#0H@9F%C:6QI='D@87








M
#$Y.W


M9&EU;2`G5&EM97

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U3



M

M:6QL(&)E(&QI;6ET960@=&\@;F\@;6]R92!T:&%N(#0N-S`@=&\@
2XP
`T*

M;W(@3&5V97)A9V4@4F%T:6\@8V]V96YA;G0@=VEL;!D96-L:6YE(&5A8V@-
MB!Q=6%R=&5R+!U;'1I;6%T96QY('1O(#,N,C4@=&\@,2XP,!I;B!T:&4@


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@




M.B`G5&EM97


M
4

M;&EO;B!W87




#$R






151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R




M5&EM97

M5&EM97

M+4)/5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'







M
C`Q

@:6YC

@


M960@;VX@36%Y)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P
3(L#0H@=VAE;B!$:6%M;VYD(&-L;W-E

M86=E;65N=P@3Y0+@T*(@F(W@R,#%#.T]A:W1R964F(W@R,#%$.RDN/]F

151415(M4U!!


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



C`R


2P@
C`Q
RX@5&AE($]A:W1R964@86=R965M


M4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!X



M=71S(&9R;VT@=&AE(#(P

S$L(#(P
M
3
L('1H92!W87)R86YT('=O=6QD(&)E(&-A;F-E;&QE9!A;F0@3V%K=')E
M90T*('=O=6QD(&AA=F4@:&%D('1H92!A8FEL:71Y('1O(&5X8VAA;F=E(0W

4
[

M;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&]F(0R,XW-2P@=VAI8V@-B!R97!R97-E;G1E
M9!A(#



M;VUM:71M96YT('=I=&@@3V%K=')E92XF(WA!
#M4:&4@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@

3`E(&1I=FED


M(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I

M





#$S+`T*('1H92!A



#M4:&ES#0H@

#LR.2P@
C`Q
M-BP@
R4@;VX@36%Y)B-X03`[
CDL#0H@

M5&EM97

M+4)/5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'


M;65N9&UE;G0F(W@R



Q+`R,#$S+B!!=!T:&%T('1I


2XP



S$L(#(P
30L(&%N9!T:&5R96%F=&5R
M+!A;F0@
BXP


M;65S#0H@8F5G:6YN:6YG($9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[
2P@
C`Q
RX@26X@861D
M:71I;VXL('1H92!4:&ER9!!;65N9&UE;G0-B!R97%U:7)E9!A(0Q
#`@

M('-E='

;VYD;VX@26YT97)B86YK#0H@
M3V9F97)E9!2871E(@F(W@R
#%#.TQ)0D]2)B-X




@-3`@8F%S:7


M;F0@86-H:65V97


M(&1E8G0@=&\-B!%0DE41$$N(%1H92!4:&ER9!!;65N9&UE;G0@86QS;R!E
2!O





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5!1#X-B`@(`@


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L




`G5&EM97

M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#

M;#L@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O



65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(X



M5&EM97

S


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





M97

3$U+#0U-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C$V-2PW
#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



W!X


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z
M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97

M;#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@




M+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q


M

M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!


M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C@T+#




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$S
M+#@W





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$X+#@X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D%C8W)U
M960@=&%X97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B;W1T;VT^




T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXQ

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




T0G




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO






T0W-B4@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O

\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^.2PV
S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXU
M-BPW-#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR
30L
M



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ-CDL


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494

@3F5W



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PW.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(Y-RPS


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT


M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH
38S+#$T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@Q
3DL
M.#

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@Q+#DS-CPO9F]N

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@




M

CXD

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N
M;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0G

CY&;W(@
M9FES8V%L#0H@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q






63H@)U1I;65S


@

F5D(&9O<B!I=',@<F5M86EN:6YG('5S
M969U;`T*(&QI9F4N)B-X03`[5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&5Q=6EP
M;65N=!W87


M34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


@=&\@=&AE($-O;G-O



&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

]




M=7)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

M.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L




M97

@1F%C



$$P.S(U+`R





M;7!A:7)M96YT(&-H87)G97




L('1H


Q+`R,#$S+!O
M9B`D


2XP(&UI;&QI

M=F4@;6]N=&AS(&5N9&5D($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q

M;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M


M*#`L



#$S









M;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M


M*#`L









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T
M-U]C
C)B9&9E

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

M5&%X97




M:61T:#H@

M97



M

CY4

@9F]L;&]W




'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E




T0P

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G






T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
BPS


63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N







T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@Q-S8L


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

3)P

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


'!X.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q
M



M.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R


MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

S$L/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!



M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M;&4]

M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXH
2PS-SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!




@3F5W


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S

@3F5W(%)O




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^1F5D97)A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M*#
L





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M5&EM97

3



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH
BPW
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF







M5&EM97

M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@-65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L(&1E

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXX+#8V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^*#$P+#4S

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@Q


63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!




@3F5W

2PW
C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXS+#$P
SPO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B








M

U)2!T;PT*($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y
M.W

$$P.S,Q.CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/'`@<W1Y;&4],T0G5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[($U!

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@







M=&@]
T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#8T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M


M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M







M9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@U
S`\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M8V]L;W(]

@870@;&]W

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-BPS.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



@


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/D9I;F%N8VEN9PT*(')E;&%T
M960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXF(W@R


M

CY$

M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


30[)B-X

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0C

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXU
BPQ
C0\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0Q


M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C



M.B`G5&EM97



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


Q+`R,#$S+!B96-A=7-E('1H97-E(&5A


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

'!X.R!#3TQ/




M;G

@87)E(')E8V]R





#LS
2P@
C`Q


M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

'!X.R!#3TQ/



`G5&EM97

M;#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z


T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L

M97

M(WA!
#LS
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4S


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
F4],T0R/D%C8W)U86QS/]F

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N







M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPP


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXX-SPO



@3F5W(%)O




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M



M97



T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



CXF(WA!



M/3-$



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXV.#(\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M





M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@




@


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXF
M(W@R


T0G

CY3=&%T

M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C@L

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXW+#@X
SPO



M97

BPR
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I
M=F4-B!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M







T0G

CY.970@




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
X+#$Y
M



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY%;7!L;WEE92!S=&]C:PT*(&-O;7!E




M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3=6)T;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



63H@)U1I;65S





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@Y
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH
SDL-S




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S0L



M

CXD

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

T1B

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU

M.B`G5&EM97

M='1L96UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C

M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T0G




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$Q-PY-C@\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$R-RPQ
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*


M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXW+#@X
SPO9F]N



CXF(WA!



M/3-$



M5&EM97



M


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

F4],T0R/E1O=&%L#0H@;F]N+6-U<G)E;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^


M5&EM97

30Q+#8X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
30V+#DR



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXH
3(R+#(R

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L




CY#;VUP;W-E9!O
M9CH\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Q




M5&EM97

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Q



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@Q
C(L

M



M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!


M





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/E9A;'5A=&EO;@T*(&%L;&]W86YC97
@:&%V92!B965N('!R;W9I


#$R+B!);B!T:&4@=&AR964@;6]N=&AS(&5N
M9&5D#0H@07!R:6PF(WA!
#LS



M55

M;'D@3D]
)B-X







M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S($YE

'!X.R`M
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M07
@;V8-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3,L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9`D
M

38R+C8@;6EL;&EO;B!O9B!C=6UU;&%T




M;FEN9R!F:7-C86P@

S(N($%S(&$@

M($%30R`W

M;F0@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('-H;W=N#0H@86)O=F4@9&]E

S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P




3)P

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M8V@@86YD($1E=F5L;W!M96YT($-R961I='

M3E0Z(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@


M1SH@







@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO






T0X-4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
U.3PO



@3F5W(%)O


M+49!34E



M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C@T



M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B@R+#
Y

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@Q
2PR
3`\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT



M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&



T0G








M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M


$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M



'!X





M3$]2.B!R9V(H





XQ(&UI;&QI;VXL(0P+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#`N
2!M:6QL:6]N
M+!N970@;V8@9F5D97)A;`T*(&)E;F5F:70L(&EN(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9`D
M
!M:6QL:6]N+`D
!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@)#`N
2!M:6QL:6]N#0H@:6X@

#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q+CPO



M3$]2.B!R9V(H



@9F]L;&]W:6YG($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
RP@



M8F5N969I='

M4#H@

3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L





N(&9E9&5R86P@86YD('-T871E(&EN8V]M

#(P,3D[<R!5;FET960-B!+:6YG


M=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]
M
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



'!X.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M


M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O


M(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I

M




#$Q+!V
M87)I;W5S('!U=&%T:79E('-H87)E:&]L9&5R(&-L87-S(&%C=&EO;@T*(&%N
M9!D97)I=F%T:79E(&-O;7!L86EN='



M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE







63H@

T0R/D)E9VEN;FEN9R!O;@T*($YO
M=F5M8F5R)B-X03`[-RP@
C`Q

M('!U=&%T:79E('-E8W5R:71I97


#%#.V1E9F5N9&%N='
F(W@R
#%$.RDN(%1H




L(')E9V%R9&EN9PT*
M($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W

L(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G



M=&EO;G
@=V5R92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@8GD@=&AE(&-O=7)T(&%S)B-X03`[






N(%1H92!A;65N



M;F0@97AP96YS97






C`Q


M(&%C=&EO;BX@3VX@075G=7-T)B-X03`[
C$L#0H@
C`Q
RP@82!M;W1I;VX@









#LX+`R,#$R+!I;F-L


#$Y.W
@:6YS=7)E





M9!A(0Q-2XU(&UI;&QI;VX-B!R96-E:79A8FQE+`D
3(N
2!M:6QL:6]N
M('=H:6-H('=I;&P@8F4@=7-E9!F;W(@=&AE('-E='1L96UE;G0@86YD#0H@
M;W1H97(@;&5G86P@97AP96YS97,@86YD(0S+C0@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@=&AE
M('-H87)E:&]L9&5R#0H@9&5R:79A=&EV92!S971T;&5M96YT+B!);B!A9&1I


30@








M:R!A=!*=6QY(#,Q+`R




M92!S971T;&5M96YT(&9U;F0N($EN('1H870-B!E=F5N=P@=&AE('-E='1L




M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z




M

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M


M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O

#LQ



M87)Y)B-X03`[




#LQ-BP@
C`Q
B!P;&%I;G1I9F9S(&9I;&5D('1H96ER(&-O

C`Q







#$R





@86YD('1H92!C=7)R



M;6%N9'



M1&5L+B!#+B`F(WA!-SLR
C`N#0H@3VX@36%Y)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P
3
L('!L
M86EN=&EF9G
@9FEL960@82!M;W1I;VX@9F]R('!R96QI;6EN87)Y#0H@87!P




M;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W

@=V5R92!R97%U:7)E9!T;R!P87D@1&EA
M;6]N9`D-2XP(&UI;&QI;VXL#0H@;V8@=VAI8V@@)#







@82!G



M3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S

1494.B`U.'!X

63H@)U1I;65S




151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R




M5&EM97

M96UB97(F(WA!




M:79E($QI=&EG871I;VX\+VD^+B!0;&%I;G1I9F9S(&9I;&5D#0H@=&AE:7(@

3(L





#$Q+!A;F0@9F]R(&)R96%C:!O


@;6ES;6%N86=E








M




M(&EN('!L86EN=&EF9G
F(W@R
#$Y.R!396-T:6]N)B-X03`[
30H82D@8VQA

M($1I86UO;F0@=&AE('-A;64@9&%Y+B!/;@T*($IU;F4F(WA!
#LT+`R,#$R
M+!O;F4@;V8@=&AE('!L86EN=&EF9G



CDL(#(P
M


#LR-RP@
M
C`Q


M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&


M($U!4D=)3BU


M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/CQI/D%S
M=&]R($)+#0H@4F5A;'1Y(%1R=7-T('8N($1I86UO;F0@1F]O9'
L($EN8RX\



T0G

CY/;@T*
M($9E8G)U87)Y)B-X03`[
C(L(#(P

C(P(&]F('1H92!$96QA=V%R


M96QU9&4@=&\@=&AE('-H87)E:&]L9&5R(&)R:6YG:6YG(&$@9&5R:79A=&EV
M92!A8W1I;VXN#0H@3VX@075G=7-T)B-X03`[
C8L(#(P
3
L(&EN(&-O;FYE




'!X





3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

M.S$T+`R,#$Q+!$:6%M;VYD(')E8V5I=F5D(&$@9F]R;6%L(&]R9&5R(&]F





'!E8W0@=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@=&\@

M33H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@









63H@)U1I

T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@:7
@:6YV

N(%-U8V@@;6%T=&5R

M:V4@=&AE:7(@;W5T8V]M97


M.B`Q

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M86-T(&]N($1I86UO;F0F(W@R
#$Y.W



M24XM5$]0.B`Q


CY!=`T*($IU;'DF(WA!
M
#LS
2P@
C`Q

M9B`D

M05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q







G!X




CY!=`T*($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
RP@

@=6YD97(@;F]N+6-A;F-E;&%B;&4-



`G5&EM97

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U3



T0V.4@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0X)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXT+#$P
3PO9F]N



M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR+#4Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E


M


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

6QE/3-$
M)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE
M9&EU;2`G5&EM97

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U3




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
$$P


M4D1%4BU#3TQ

@


T0X-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T


M34E


MB!,96%S97,\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M9VX]

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





CXR



M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

RPQ-38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXS+#`X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M:7IE/3-$
CXR

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
F4],T0R/E1H97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PT-C4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E








T0G

CY
97-S


T0Q/B8C



M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




S0W7V
R
F)D
M9F4Q


]
M

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


S$L(#(P
3

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-E9VUE;G0@4F5P;W)T:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M


M






3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

M
4

40[*0T*(&-H86YG960@9'5R:6YG('1H92!F;W5R=&@@

C`Q


M:&4@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@=7-E9`T*(&)Y('1H92!#3T1-('1O(&UA:V4@9&5C

MB!T:&4@87-S97-S;65N=!O9B!P97)F;W)M86YC92X@07
@82!R97-U;'0L

C`Q
RP@

@9FEV90T*(&]P97)A=&EN9R!S




M:W
@86YD($YU='
N(%1H92!3;F%C:W


M='1L92!5+E



M+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L







@;F]T(')E8V5I=F4@;W(@=71I;&EZ90T*




@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

@
M87)E('1H92!S86UE(&%S('1H;W-E#0H@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&EN('1H92!S=6UM


M#0H@:6X@)B-X
C`Q0SM-86YA9V5M96YT)B-X





'!X.R`M=V5B
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@86YD(&=R;W-S('!R;V9I
$$P.V9I<V-A;`R
#$S+`R,#$R
M(&%N9`R



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


05!3

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@



T0V
24^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$S
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF





M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


T1B;W1T;VT^

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0P
RPW
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXT
C8L
#4W
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXU-38L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#LF
M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2


M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E-N86-K




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

34R
M+#$S


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



T1B;W1T


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/DYU=',\+V9O;G0^/]P


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

L
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXU
2PU.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C(Q-BPT-SD\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




T1B



M


T0G0D]21$52+51/



6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!X
M.R!




C`Q
RP@
C`Q
BP@
M86YD(#(P



M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

M

3$%0


M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R`M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L/]B/CPO9F]N

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C0W
RPT
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP



M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




M97


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXU
2PR
#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M
F4],T0R/C$Q.2PP,3<\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



O1F]O
M9!397)V:6-E($YU=',@3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D


@3F5W(%)O


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXS
2PV
S
\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$






T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

F4],T0R/E1O=&%L($YE=`T*(%-A;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CDV-BPV.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


6QE
M/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q,G!X.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!X.R!



M;G
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W





'!X.R`M=V5B










7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



3X\8CXR
#$S/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H


M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT







@3F5W(%)O



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ
S0L-34W
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXQ-C$L


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


M;&4]




T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^


@

M33H@
'!X.R!

M





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/E1H90T*(&=E;V=R87!H:6



M;'DF(WA!
#LS
2!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

'!X
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`Q



M3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T0R

M5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



3$V+#(W


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C
P+#8W

T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$S
BPR
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





C!E
M9C-?-V0U
E\T-&

O4VAE
M970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]

]


T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T
#L@0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





M4U!!0TE.1SH@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

'!E;G-E<SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



3X\8CY$961U8W1I





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO

S$L#0H@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


M.B`G5&EM97





M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!







M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



M97


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/EEE87(@96YD960@2G5L

Q+`T*(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






@3F5W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97

M#0H@5F%L=6%T:6]N($%L;&]W86YC93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/EEE87(@

Q+`T*(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T1B;W1T

M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


30[)B-X



@


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O


M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R
M87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C0T+#8S
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].

CXF(W@R
#$T





M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O





M93TS1#(^.3DL


#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$T-7!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M.B!M961I=6TO.'!X(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@


M:#H@


M+49!34E

'!X


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^

M97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B9C0-






M;G0@4&QA;G


S$L(#(P
3

M=&]P/E)E=&ER96UE;G0@4&QA;G


M4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!X




M

M(&UE9&EC86P@8F5N969I='
@86YD('-P;VYS;W)S(&]N92!D969I;F5D(&)E






C`Q

M(&YO(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&%S(&]F($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS



M+49!34E


M#0H@
C`Q
P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9&5T97)M:6YE9!T:&%T('1H92!D969I




M)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





M92UW:61T:#H@
'!X)R!B;W)D97(]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*




T0Q/CQB/E!E;G-I;VX-B!




7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
CPO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/D)E;F5F:70@

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXS

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




63H@)U1I




M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@3F5W


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M(&%M96YD;65N='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXF(W@R
M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/D)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!A=!E;F0-B!O9B!Y96%R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR
2PR
M
#


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@






3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*



M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!



M4#H@



M:61T:#H@


M3TY4+49!34E

M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@

M='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H



M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D]T
M:&5R#0H@0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M(')G8B@P+#`L







M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$T+#8W


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$T+#0U
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXF(W@R




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXV.#PO9F]N

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXF(W@R
M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@3F5W


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



-B!A=!E;F0@





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(W@R




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXH


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@Q

M9VX]



T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L




M97






M:61T:#H@


M3TY4+49!34E

M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




M34E

T0Q/CQB/D]T:&5R#0H@
M0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH-2PX-C4\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T





M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY.;VYC=7)R96YT#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@U


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
2PY.38\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*





M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!

M15A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0V
4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]



M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



B!A

63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$R+#`R-CPO9F]N=#X\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@T+#(W





T0R
M/BDF(WA!


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C$R+#`R-CPO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@T+#(W




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M


#L\


M9#XF(WA!



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



@)#(Q+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#
P+C8@;6EL;&EO;B!A=!*=6QY
M)B-X03`[,S$L(#(P,3,@86YD#0H@,C`Q,BX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T

G!X










M1SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R


T1B






M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C$L
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXD

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O


M4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

'!X







M3U)$15(M0T]

63H@)U1I;65S



T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G



M.B!R9V(H

M34E

T0Q/CQB/D]T:&5R#0H@
M0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(W@R



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


@


M3TY4+49!34E



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXY
#@\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C$P-#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E





T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



T0C0T-%



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


F4],T0R/C<R,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/B@W
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N







M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXF(W@R




@

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@


T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXW



M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L









M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PQ-#4\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/CDV-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@U


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/



#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!



M9VX]


M




M.B!R9V(H










M3E0Z(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@


M1SH@
















M:7IE/3-$


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M


M*#`L






M
T0Q

B4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@





3`@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

3X\8CY/=&AE

T1B


M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2





$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(')G8B@P+#`L







M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N





M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@




M:61T:#H@






M4U!!0TE.1SH@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG;CTS

3XF(WA!



M;'-P86X]
T0Q
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M8B@P+#`L







T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C
N
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B4F
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C@N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CY.+T$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S

'!X






M+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M5&EM97



T0W-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8V]L;W(]


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^.2XP


M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M5&EM97



M;&4]

M
CY996%R('1H92!R871E(')E86-H97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(P
C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S($YE

'!X.R`M
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97









M;&4]


T0P('=I

3
E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*





T0Q/CQB


B!A

63H@)U1I





M

CY%

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ-C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL





T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE






T0R/D5F
M9F5C=&EV90T*($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
P@1&EA;6]N9!A9&]P=&5D

3`M
#8@;VX@
M96UP;&]Y97(F(W@R
#$Y.W


M='
-B!O9B!A(&1E9FEN960@8F5N969I=!P96YS:6]N(&]R(&]T:&5R('!O







M34E

T0R/E1H92!F86ER#0H@

T0G


3)P

M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


'!X)R!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



30@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY&86ER(%9A

#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO8CX\

M




M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!







3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M

M.B`G5&EM97

#LS
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^-2PW.3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


30[


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXF(W@R
#$T.R8C


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C


T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M97)N;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^-2PT
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(W@R



M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L



CX\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*


M9#XF(WA!



M+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q


M)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
1514


MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


M
2P@
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






M
T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M3&5V96PF(WA!
#LS/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\



M#0H@97%U:79A;&5N='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D



@3F5W

#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97


M



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXF(W@R




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF






M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


30[)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXF(W@R






@3F5W

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C0L
#


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXF(W@R




M5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$





M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$T+#8W


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$T+#
U-#PO9F]N=#X\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


30[)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R`M=V5B
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





N($]T:&5R





M('-E8W5R:71I97




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2











M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M


'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

'!X.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W



M+49!34E

T0R/D5S=&EM871E




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z







T0W-B4@
M86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@




M8B@P+#`L




M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



T0R

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/C(P,34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


@3F5W(%)O


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ
S8\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXW-#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97




M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C
F4],T0R/C<V.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/C(P,3@\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO


M.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C8\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
F4],T0R/C<P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z









@9FES8V%L
M(#(P


4



#M-96YD97








T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CX\8CX\:3Y$969I;F5D#0H@0V]N=')I
#L@0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S0W7V
R
M
F)D9F4Q






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]

M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M3$]2.B!R9V(H







M:#H@
'!X)R!B;W)D97(]


T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1B;W1T



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2






7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY&;W5R=&@\8G(@





M.S
Q+`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ.3DL.#`Q


65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

L
M



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXU
RPP-3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C4L.3



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-2PR
S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494

@3F5W

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
3`L-S(Y

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3`L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH
XT.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@P



@3F5W(%)O


M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\





T0R
F4],T0R/C(Q+#<U,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B@P+C


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

@
M*&EN#0H@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(S+#(Q



@3F5W


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR
2PY
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M33H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M4F]M86XG.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!-05)'24XM0D]45$]-.B`P




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-30E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D



M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T;VT^





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(X-RPS
M.3


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXR-C(L

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W



M/3-$

-B`H,RD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO


M.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E





@3F5W(%)O


M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/DYE

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


T0Q


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L






M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^*#$N-3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(Q




M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@R



@3F5W(%)O


M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


CPO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



C$L-S


#L@5TE$5$@Z(#$T-7!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4.B!M961I=6TO.'!X(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG.R!72$E412U34$%#


M:61T:#H@


M3TY4+49!34E

M


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


@




M26X@=&AE('%U87)T97(-B!E;F1E9!*=6QY)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
L('1H









T0Q
#`E/@T*

T1L

@3F5W(%)O







@=&\@=&AE
M($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!&:6YA;F-I86P-B!3=&%T96UE;G1S+CPO9F]N=#X\

T0G5$58


T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P

M/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M9B`D
XW(&UI;&QI;VXL(0Q
2XS(&UI;&QI;VXL(0Q,BXQ#0H@;6EL;&EO
M;B!A;F0@)#$W+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97)S(&5N9&5D($IU
M;'DF(WA!,#LS,2P-B`R

#$R(&%N9`T*($]C=&]B97(F(WA!
M
#LS
2P@
C`Q



S0W
M7V
R
F)D9F4Q






]




S$L(#(P
3



M6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I


M0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


#LR
2P@
C`Q

M:!W87,@9W)A;G1E9!O;B!397!T96UB97(F(WA!
#LR-BP-B`R,#$S+!T





M

M(#0N-#4F(WA!

M82!S971T;&5M96YT(&9U;F0@=&\-B!R97-O;'9E(&%L;!C;&%I;7
@87-S


M8W1O8F5R)B-X03`[-2P@
C`Q

M
3(N(%1H92!S:&%R97
@=VEL;!B92!I;F-L=61E9!W:71H:6X@=&AE#0H@









2P@
C`Q
R!W87




@=VEL;`T*(&)E(&%D:G5S=&5D

M90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W



151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R




M5&EM97




#$S(&%S('-E=!F;W)T:!I;@T*




M;6%T96QY(0Q,BXY(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@:6YS=7)A8FQE#0H@97AP96YS97,N
M($%S(&]F($IU;'D@,S$L(#(P,3,L($1I86UO;F0@:&%D(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@
M)#$U+C4@;6EL;&EO;@T*(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L(0Q
BXQ(&UI;&QI;VX@=VAI




M:71I97






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
M
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E




M97%U:78]


]




M:6-I97

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#



]



M

CX\


M97

M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!

M*#`L







M(#$S('1O#0H@=&AE($YO=&5S('1O('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC
M:6%L(%-T871E;65N='





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M

M92UW:61T:#H@


M(&%M;W5N='




M


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M



L#0H@=7-E9G5L

M='
@86YD(&=O;V1W:6QL+!E;7!L;WEE90T*(&)E;F5F:71S+!A;6]N9R!O





]
T1P

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^#0H@/'`@



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CX\8CX\:3Y#97)T86EN#0H@4FES:W
@
M86YD($-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T



63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/E1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M96YU97



38E+`T*(#$X)2!A;F0@
M



#$R
M(&%N9`T*(#(P


#$S+`R,#$R(&]R(#(P,3$N/]F;VYT


]


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




6EN9R!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC
M:6%L('-T871E;65N=',@:6YC;'5D92!T:&4@86-C;W5N=',-B!O9B!T:&4@
2!B86QA;F-E<R!A;F0@=')A





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

'!X.R!
1514

PP*3L@5T]21U3




M








M;&EO;B!A;F0@)#$P+C

S$L(#(P
M
3



\


M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO




T0G5$58

M3E0Z(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@


M1SH@




S$L(#(P
3

-


M92!L;V-A=&EO;G







T0R
M/CQB/CQI/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#QP('-T



63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/D%L;`T*(&EN=F5N=&]R:65S(&%R92!A8V-O






L(&%M;VYG(&]T:&5R





]



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


@;V8@87-S971S(')A


@86YD

M=6EP;65N=`T*(&%N9!S;V9T=V%R92X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO9&EV/CQS

]



63H@)U1I;65S($YE



@

M33H@
'!X.R!

M




M96UE;G1S(&%R92!C87!I=&%L:7IE9!A;F0@:6YC;'5D960-B!I;B!O=&AE


L
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9'

@87
@82!R961U8W1I;VX@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








$$P
M.SQI/D5Q=6EP;65N=#PO:3XN)B-X
C`Q1#L-B!';V]D=VEL;!A;F0@:6YT




4
[/&D^26YT86YG:6)L97
@
M)B-X
C`Q-#L@1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T:&5R+#PO:3XF(W@R



M6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@86YA;'ES:7



@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M#0H@9W)O=W1H(')A








L(&EN8W)E87-E9`T*(&-O;7!E=&ET




M6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY&;W(@87-S971S('1O#0H@8F4@:&5L9!A;F0@=7-E9P@









M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


@;W(@8VAA









M(&%S(&]F($IU;F4F(WA!
#LS
P-B`R




'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97













L('-U8V@@87

M96YU97


M9VUE;G0@:7
@;F5C97-S87)Y('1O(&5V86QU871E('1H92!I;7!A8W0@;V8-










]
T1R

3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

T0G



M0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


N#0H@07-S=6UP=&EO;G
@87)E(&UA




M9VX]
T1T;W`^4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE



'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S




M(')E8V]G;FEZ97




@82!R961U






M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO

'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R




M3$]2.B!R9V(H




4
[/&D^4F5V





N-2!M:6QL:6]N+`D-2XX(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D-BXR(&UI
M;&QI;VX@9F]R#0H@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P






M24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97






63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/D%M;W5N='




M33H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@




'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL

M17AP96YS97
#L@0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M96YS960@87

@;6%Y(&EN8VQU






]


M;&4]

M

M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z




N)B-X

M=6ER97



M97
N(%1H:7








151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&


M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@


@;V8@


@:6X@=VAI


M=&@@=&AE(&=U:61A;F-E(&]N#0H@=6YC97)T86EN='D@:6X@:6YC;VUE('1A




]


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M







3D[

M#0H@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@:7

N($]N(&$@






63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/CQB/CQI/D9A:7(-B!686QU92!O9B!&
M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N=',\+VD^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/'`@



M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@




@
M86YD#0H@=&5R;7





M)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q.'!X.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M


M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O






T0R
M/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@86-C;W5N='


L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!S=&]C:PT*(&]P=&EO


#%#.SQI/D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO
M;B`F(W@R

40[#0H@


F5D(&]N(&$@<W1R86EG:'0M;&EN92!B



@97AP96-T960@=&5R;2P-

M+B!4:&5S92!K97D@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


#$Y.W


]

M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


@

M33H@
'!X.R!

M


#$S(&%N
M9!F:7-C86P@,C`Q,BP@=&AR964@86YD('1W;R!M96UB97)S+!R97-P96-T







C`Q
M





]

]
T1T97AT



M34E

T0R/CQB/CQI/E)E8V5N



3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

#LR
M

C`Q
2TP
M-P-B`F(W@R

M(#@R

M;B!5+E

40[(%1H:7
@9W5I






M

M92UW:61T:#H@
$$P.S(P
M,3$L('1H92!&05-(&ES<W5E9!!4U4@3F\N)B-X03`[,C`Q,2TP-2P-B`F
M(W@R

M







M:71S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!F:6YA;F-I86P-B!S=&%T96UE;G1S+CPO9F]N



M.B!R9V(H




@

M96YT+CPO:3XF(W@R
#%$.R!4:&4@;F5W(&=U:61A;F-E('!R;W9I9&5S('1H


M:6\@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('=H971H97(@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@80T*

@=&AA;B!I='




@8F5G:6YN:6YG
M(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
34L#0H@
C`Q
2XF(WA!




M86YA;'ES:7




M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

$$P.S(P
3(M
M

40[(%1H



M:&5T:&5R('1H92!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@
M:7
@:6UP86ER960N(%1H:7



M.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@



#(P,4,[0F%L86YC92!3:&5E=`H5&]P:6


C`Q
2TQ
2P@)B-X


#%$
M.SPO:3XF(WA!


@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E

M
#$T(&%N9!D;V5S(&YO=!B96QI979E('1H870@=&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N('=I


M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO














@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E



@3F5W

M






63H@)U1I

T0R/DEN($IU;'D@
C`Q

#%#



@;F5W(&=U:61A











M(&%D;W!T('1H:7



C!E9C-?-V0U
M
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q
&)F






]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!
151415(M

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#



-


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z

'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@





151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*(#QT



M

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&(^3&EA8FEL:71Y#0H@1&5R:79A=&EV97


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M




M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H





M
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97

@9&5S:6=N871E

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M;&4F(WA!
#MA;F0F(WA!
#MA8V-R=65D)B-X03`[;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O

T0Q


M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(W@R





M:7IE/3-$

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97



M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





3XF(WA!



M/3-$
3XF(W@R

T0G



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[



M87


T1B;W1T

T0Q

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

3X\8CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\

M='
@=6YD97(@05-#(#@Q-3H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M971S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
3XQ






M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0Q/D%C8V]U;G1S('!A

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\







3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



M

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



3XH-3@L



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97

M97

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

3@\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^*#0V+#

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/


MB`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/]D:78^




M3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$

C`Q.3MS(&1E

@;VX@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED871E9`T*(%-T
M871E;65N='

C`Q
R!A
M;F0F(WA!
#LR



@3F5W

M
'!X.R!




M86XG.R!


T0Q
#`E

B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M5TE$5$@Z(#$P

M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D1E

34@0V%S:!&;&]W/&)R(\^#0H@2&5D9VEN

$$P.VEN)B-X03`[3T-))B-X03`[
M;VX\8G(@+SX-B!$97)I=F%T:79E)B-X03`[(A%9F9E8W1I=F4\8G(@+SX-
MB!0;W)T:6]N*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY
;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M960F(WA!

M:6]N*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
3X\8CY
;V-A=&EO;B!O9B!
;W-S/&)R(\^#0H@4F5C;V=N:7IE9!I;CQB



T0V

M5&EM97

M(WA!
#M








M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



3
F(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



T0R

M5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[
C`Q


T0Q



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M
3(F(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0Q/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G




T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]



\

M


M5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/B8C

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


30[)B-X

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/E1O

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CXD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

30[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M1#$^/&(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


3X\8CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@


M

3X\
M8CXH-3@U/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


T0Q



M;&4]

M
3X\8CXD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


30[)B-X03`[)B-X
M03`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/BDF(WA!

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L





M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=VED
M=&@]
T0S
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M+49!34E


M871I=F5S($YO=!$97-I9VYA=&5D(&%S/&)R(\^#0H@2&5D9VEN9R!);G-T

@.#$U/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H


T0Q



M(')G8B@P+#`L


M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


M9VX]

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@R
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!




@



65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH-#
\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!


\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



M97

R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@Q


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CXI)B-X03`[/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



@


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CQB/BDF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


979E;`S(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!);G!U=',@57-E9!I




T0R/E1H90T*('-I9VYI9FEC
M86YT($QE=F5L(#


'!X
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&
M3TY4.B`Q



M3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M

M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

T0Q


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

T0G

3X\8CXR
M
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S






CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$





T1T;W`^4F5C;VYC:6QI
M871I;VX@;V8@3&EA8FEL:71I97


#L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#0E.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

'!X.R`M=V5B
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M


M*#`L






M
T0W-B4@86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0X)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


:6%B:6QI='D\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M;&4]

M

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXF(W@R




T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXF(W@R
#$T



M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH
3$L




M97

V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



T0C

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH




T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M



@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L








T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9VX]


M
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*








T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C


]

M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I;65S

'!X





#$S.CPO9F]N=#X\




'!X)R!B;W)D
M97(]


M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L/]B/CPO9F]N



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/EEE87(@16YD960-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[,S$L/]B/CPO9F]N

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H



M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C$U
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$P
M
RPR.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M86)L90T*($YO=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C@Q+#8X-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T
M-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M



M9V(H



S$I.CPO


3)P


'!X
M)R!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T
M:#TS1#8Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M







T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C4N-3`M-BXP-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;W=R87`G/C4R+CDY)2TU-2XT.4\+V9O;G0^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


@



T0R/B4F
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




@3F5W(%)O

M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#LP+C@S)2TF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






T0R
M/C`N
#`E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C`N
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]



M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
F5S(&]P=&EO;B!A8W1I=FET

#MF:7-C86P@
C`Q
RP@
C`Q



M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!#3TQ/


M='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(#!P


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!73U)$

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

T1B;W1T


\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M5V5I9VAT960\8G(@+SX-B!!=F5R86=E)B-X03`[4F5M86EN:6YG/&)R(\^
M#0H@0V]N=')A8W1U86P@3&EF93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L



3X\8CY!9V=R96=A
M=&4\8G(@+SX-B!);G1R:6YS:6,F(WA!,#M686QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M5&EM97

M;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

$$P.W1H;W5S86YD<RD\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D]U='-T86YD:6YG



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXR
2XQ



M.B`G5&EM97




M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
F4],T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@


M97

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXT

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M97



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S@N-C$\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


F4],T0R/C$L-S<Q/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
F4],T0R/D-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPP-SD\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
34N
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXH
2PR
S4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R('-T

7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PT


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF






M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^-C


65M
M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D5X97)C:7-A8FQE(&%T



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M-XS-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#$S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$L


M
T1T;W`^3F]N=F5S=&5D(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G





M
T0R/D-H86YG97




M/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@


'!X)R!B;W)D97(]


M
3
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^




M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M;&4]




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^*$EN)B-X03`[=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\






T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M($IU;'D@
S$L#0H@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@







T0G



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M;&4]

M

M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M(#
Q+`T*(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M5&EM97



M


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52





M




]

]
T1T

T0G34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4


Z



M=VED=&@]
T0Q

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^/&(^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:PT*(%5N:71S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\


M9V(H

T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^






M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L


3XF
M(WA!





M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L






3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(W@R





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$Q



@3F5W

#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXF(W@R
M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXF(W@R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXF
M(W@R




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^-3(N
C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%
M149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXS.XQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M.B`G5&EM97

C



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ-XW.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C(W+C


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
CPO9F]N

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(R+C0P

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/D]U='-T86YD




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C0P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
C(N
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z

3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

M93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@0D%#2T=23U5.1U#3TQ/4CH@


1514

PP*3L@5T]21U3

M9V(H
C4U+#(U-2PR-34I.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

'!X)R!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M3U(Z(')G8B@R-34L


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@0D%#2T=23U5.
M1U#3TQ/4CH@<F=B*#(U-2PR-34L

M;6%L.R!



M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R-34L
C4U

'!X

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]2




3U(Z
M(')G8B@R-34L


M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=415A4+512





M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!

T0G5$58

@


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M13H@;F]R;6%L.R!

M*#`L


M.B!R9V(H
C4U+#(U-2PR-34I.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!&3TY4.B`P

M5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

'!X
M)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


]


M9VX]



M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M.B`G5&EM97



E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO

M86QI9VX]




#LS
2P\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!



M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@




M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


30[)B-X

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/DEN8V]M92`H;&]S



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
38S+#(S



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@X-BPS
S8\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('-E8W5R:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT
3(\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/DEN8V]M92`H

M9VX]

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH.#8L
S


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(V+#`Y



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!



M9VX]


M


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR
2PV.3(\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY$:6QU=&EV92!S:&%R97
@)B-X
C`Q


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52




T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C(Q+#@Q


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
BPR
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T0G0D]2






I

M97)S(@Q*3H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



T0G1D].


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ


#L@5TE$5$@Z
M(#$T-7!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6TO
M.'!X(=4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XG.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!-


'!X)SX-


63H@

'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4^#0H@/'1R/@T*


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
M.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B9C0O5V]R:W-H965T



M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


M;'-P86X]


M
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


M24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

'!X.R!#3TQ/




@

M33H@







T0X-4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52


M





M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/E1O=&%L
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


2P@
C`Q
3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97





M)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N








M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP









M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*
F4],T0R/E1R86YS;&%T:6]N#0H@861J=7-T;65N=',\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C0P


M


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$






#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


30[)B-X03`[)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXT
#
L

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/D%C8W5M=6QA



M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N








M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L





M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXF(W@R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@R+#`S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


M


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
BPP
S
\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X


T1B




M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97

M;'DF(WA!
#LS
2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXF(W@R


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(^

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXS

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52




M

\+W1D




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


@8V]N



M.B!R9V(H



3$%04T4Z(&-O


M4U!!0TE.1SH@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M







T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


63H@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU

M.B`G5&EM97



T0Q/B8C


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M








M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


@



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\




M97

V+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C



M14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

F4],T0R/E1O=&%L(&]T
M:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4-B!A<W-E='




M97

S@X+#`X-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0S
M-RPP
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L

T1B



M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B9C0O5V]R



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

@4&%Y86)L92!A;F0@3&]N9RU497)M($]B;&EG





M15A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY




M




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/@T*


T1B;W1T



M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C
W
2PV-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT
#
L
M

M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/D]A:W1R964@1&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*
F4],T0R/D=U87)A;G1E960-B!

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/E1O=&%L(&]U='-T86YD:6YG#0H@9&5B=#PO9F]N=#X\

M

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-


M(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@)U1I

M




M





M:#H@
'!X)R!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#8V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF





T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT





M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXU-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@T
C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




CXF(WA!



M/3-$




T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#0U


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXR
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


T1B;W1T;VT^


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL





M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





S0W
M7V
R
F)D9F4Q






]



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R




M5&EM97

-B!C;VYS
M:7-T960@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!A=!*=6QY)B-X03`[

M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q


M/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M9VX]





T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU

M.B`G5&EM97

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT^

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*
M(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W



]



M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

Q





M
'!X)R!B;W)D97(]



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R




T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXW-2PX
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0Q/B8C


M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


@86YD#0H@8F5N969I='
\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9`T*('!R;VUO=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/CDL
38P
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXT+#DU
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXT+#0U
#PO



@



T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

F4],T0R/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3
P+#8R
SPO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C



M971S+U-H965T
S

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!A=`T*($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

M4$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXY+#@R
SPO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/CDL-C



65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXU


M

M8V]L;W(]

M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T









CY#;VYS=')U8W1I
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C8L
C
V


65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

F4],T0R/DQE<W,@86-C
M=6UU;&%T960-B!D97!R96-I871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T





M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M
3$Y+#@S


M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT




M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH


M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T;VT^

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*

]


&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T
M-U]C
C)B9&9E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

S$Z

M93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q

#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE

M
'!X.R!

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M

M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O

T0Q

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!





M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/E5N:71E9!3=&%T
M97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@Q
M-3(L
S


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B@V-2PQ.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M


M5&EM97


M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
3(L-3DY


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH


T1B;W1T;VT^

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P




M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R
M(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/CPO9&EV/CQS

]


M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q


T0G1D].

CY);F-O;64@
M=&%X#0H@97AP96YS92!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!F;W(@






M


T0P('=I9'1H

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9VX]

M


T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF





M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
F4],T0R/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@Q+#
W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O





M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXX
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M
F4],T0R/C<X-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-2PS-C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q







M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



M.B`G5&EM97


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^*#8L.3



@

3
L-C

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*


M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T1B






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
RPS.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S




T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1F]R96EG;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH-PQ.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D



M97

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C@L



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH
3`L-3

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M




@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\8G(@

]



#L@5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@


M1SH@




M9F5D97)A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4@;V8@,S4E('1O#0H@1&EA;6]N98C



M3$]2.B!R9V(H



3$%04T4Z


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

M9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@V
2PV-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M.B`G5&EM97


T1B


63H@)U1I;65S



M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.2PQ
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M




CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH




T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@V+#
X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E




65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/D-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97






T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXF(W@R



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M5&EM97





M/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@V-S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



M

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)
M3BU

M97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M.B!N;W)M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)

'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@




`G5&EM97

M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

PP*3L@5T]21U3



T0W-B4@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N

@

M
#LS
2P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4S-CPO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/D%C8W)U86QS/]F;VYT



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L.34R


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPP.#4\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXX-SPO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\



@



T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N






T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R




@3F5W


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXF(W@R
M


T0G1D].

CY3=&%T92!T

M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C@L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXW+#@X
SPO9F]N



@

BPR
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/D]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4-
MB!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q







T0G1D].

CY.970@3W!E




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C
X+#$Y
3PO




CY%;7!L;WEE92!S=&]C:PT*(&-O;7!E;G-A




M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O


T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H





M:7IE/3-$
CY3=6)T;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




63H@)U1I;65S($YE





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B@Y
PX.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH
SDL-S



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S0L.3$V


T0G


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!
M4D=)3BU

M5&EM97

M96UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@3F5W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/DYO;BUC=7)R96YT.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T0G1D].





M




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$Q-PY-C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C$R-RPQ
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXW+#@X
SPO9F]N=#X\


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



M97

2PQ-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@





M97

30Q+#8X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
30V+#DR



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


M



#L\







@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXH
3(R+#(R

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M




CY#;VUP;W-E9!O9CH\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@Q




M97


M
T0R/BDF(WA!



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L





M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Q



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@Q
C(L

T0G



M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@

$$P.SPO<#X-B`\

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@
M/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/CPO9&EV

]


]

T0G



'!X)SX-


@:7
@87

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

M4$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M

T0V-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T




7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@







M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
RPY


63H@)U1I;65S




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M

CY4

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^





M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY!9&1I=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@




M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



M.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXX-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH
BPS.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXF(W@R



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXF(W@R
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D)A
M;&%N8V4L(&5N9!O9@T*('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9VX]



63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



W!X

M9VX]


M



T0G0D]21$52+51/




;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
M




]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


M86YC96QA8FQE($]P97)A=&EN9R!
96%S97





T0R



@


M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


3$%0


M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

M('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#@E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
BPY.3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M

CXR
M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/E1H97)E869T97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@


M97



T0R

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/




T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
M/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1G5T=7)E($UI;FEM=6T@4&%Y;65N=',@=6YD
M97(@3F]N+4-A;F-E;&%B;&4@0V%P:71A;!
96%S97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E











M:61T:#H@
'!X)R!B;W)D97(]


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C
L


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G5$58
M5U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97




M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
2PU
#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ+#0V-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M

CY4



M97



M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
V5M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


@86UO=6YT



M





M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C$S+#$X-3PO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
M
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


M3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$



M
3
L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P





'!X)R!B;W)D97(]
M


T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Q)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


3`@86QI9VX]
M




M.S
Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF






T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

C`Q



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO




M/3-$
CY3;F%C:W
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G

CY.=71S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4U-BPR-#
\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\




M

CY4
M;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M.#8T+#`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/CDX
2PT


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXQ-3(L
3


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C4Q+#4Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(P-2PU
M
C


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^
M#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/CPO

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^3F5T(%-A;&5S(&)Y($-H86YN96P@4')O9'5C=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@
#L@5$585U)3D1%
M3E0Z(#0E.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6T@


M1SH@




#$Q#0H@

T0G5$58



M03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N


'!X)R!B;W)D97(]

M

T1C96YT97(^
M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


3`@86QI9VX]

T0G

3X\8CY9

Q+#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
CPO8CX\

M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C0S-RPY-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXT
C4L


T0G1D].


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97







T0Q/B8C

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C@Y


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C@Q-BPX



T0R

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!







T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C8P+#@W.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C@R+#@T
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C$T.2PX-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H



T0G

CY4;W1A





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^.#8T+#`Q


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/CDX
2PT
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXY-C8L


T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97

M;#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L


@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
M
#$Y.W




M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@





T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E(&%L

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[
M($U!4D=)3BU

M.B`G5&EM97

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



T1B;W1T;VT^

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXQ-C$L


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
F4],T0R/C<P+#,T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494

@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXY


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$






#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M


]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!

'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.

PP*3L@5T]21U34$%#24Y'.B`P

@;V8@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M)B-X03`[

M;&4]




'!X)R!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QS


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


B!A

63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494

@3F5W

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@



T1B


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M.B`G5&EM97

30V+#DT-#PO9F]N=#X\



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N


M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





]



M4BU#3TQ

@3F5W


T0U-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T

M86QI9VX]

M+#`L

MB!O9B!097)I;V0\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M


F(WA!
#MA;F0\8G(@


M



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52




M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z
M(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]

M

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXH
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!




@3F5W

M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/EEE

Q+`T*(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

T0G1D].




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


T1B;W1T;VT^

M.B`G5&EM97





CXT

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B;W1T;VT@

T0G

CXF(W@R
M


@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M(&)G8V]L;W(]

S$L#0H@
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


30[)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E





@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



S$L#0H@
C`Q
M
SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C0T+#8S
CPO9F]N


M



M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@


M-7!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I=6TO.'!X


M(WA!

M;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L

4^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/D1E9'5C=&EO;G



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R



M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^3V)L:6=A=&EO;G,@86YD($9U;F1E9!3=&%T=7
@;V8@4F5M86EN:6YG
M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G



M34E

T0R/D]B;&EG871I;VYS



M:#H@


M+49!34E

'!X


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#4E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D]T:&5R
M#0H@0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



M5$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T



B!A

63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

M(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

BPR-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


30[)B-X

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXY-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-C


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXQ+#
R
SPO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E













T0Q/B8C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXQ.3PO9F]N=#X\





M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXF(W@R









M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q





M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R

6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D)E
M;F5F:71S('!A:60\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M:6]N(&%T(&5N9`T*(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M97

2PY.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/





T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





T1B;W1T



W!X


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M3TQ

@3F5W(%)O


T0V
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#8@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY096YS:6]N#0H@0F5N
M969I='
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O


T0Q/B8C
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%
M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

C`Q



M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CXR
M
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@





T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97





M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@3F5W

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXF(W@R



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXF(W@R



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D)E
M;F5F:71S('!A:60\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@Q-2PY-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!




@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@Q+#DY-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M97

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP('-T

G!X





-B`H;&EA8FEL:71I97,I(')E
M8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T(&%T






M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@





T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L

M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^





M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M9V(H
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G







M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Q
#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
3`L




M.B`G5&EM97


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2




M;&4]




T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M




]
T1R93X-



M+49!34E

T0R/D%M;W5N='
-

#LS
2!C;VYS

M1D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q


#L\+W`^

M+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0V(&%L

M97

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!







7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^






T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9VX]






63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T






T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXF(W@R




M5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\







T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


M9V(H



T0G1D].

CY4;W1A;#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPP
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@






@;V8@4&QA




63H@

T0R/DEN9F]R;6%T:6]N#0H@9F]R

@=VET:!A;B!A8V-U;75L871E9!B96YE9FET(&]B

@87
@;V8@2G5L


M;&4]
#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z(&YO<FUA;#L@1D].
M5#H@




'!X)R!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QS


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


B!A

63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M
2PR
#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXS



T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ
M96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M8F5N969I=`T*(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M



M9B!.970@4&5R:6]D:6
@0F5N969I=!#;W-T(A);F-O;64I/]T9#X-B`@

M6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


M
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!&3TY4.B`Q



M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!

4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4W)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


3`@86QI9VX]
T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY096YS:6]N#0H@0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M



3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M+#`L





T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXV


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M





T0G5$585U)
M3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97








T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



M.B`G5&EM97


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@Q+#`P-CPO

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B@Q+#`S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXF(W@R
#$T



M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ-CPO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R




@

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXV-#
\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T




M
T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


30[)B-X03`[)B-X



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXF(W@R


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M

M8V]L;W(]


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


30[)B-X03`[



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(W@R




@3F5W(%)O

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M







T0G1D].







M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@

$$P.SPO<#X-B`\

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@


M86P[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M4U!!


M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TA)5$4M


M*#`L






M

M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0V)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY(96%L=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#PO9F]N=#X\

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C@N-S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/B4F(WA!



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXE)B-X


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY2871E('1O('=H:6-H('1H92!C;W-T



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q




M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXU


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



@3F5W




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`R.#PO



@3F5W(%)O




M/D5F9F5C='


M+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

-B!W;W5L9!H

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!N;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0W
4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,3,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#$S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M86QI9VX]




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


T0G
M5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



M=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^
M#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/@T*


]

M93L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@

M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4
M.B`Q



M3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]




M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M





M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


65M.R!-05)'
M24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I





M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXF(W@R
#$T




CY-=71U86P@9G5N
M9'
@)B-X


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B

T1B



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#$T.PT*(&1E

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ+#8R



M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#0P


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#(\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXU
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


30[)B-X03`[)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/CQB/E1O=&%L




M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97

C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]




T1B



M


T0G0D]21$52+51/





M;&4]




3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ
05!313H@8V]L


M8F]R9&5R/3-$

M
T0V
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^


M=6QY(#

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!







\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXD

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXS


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXF(W@R



M;&4]

M
CY-=71U86P@9G5N9'
@)B-X

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXU+#8P
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^-2PV
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ+#DW.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(W@R

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(L



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#LF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXT+#`S.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


30[)B-X
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXF(W@R







T0Q


M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O



M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






T0G1D].





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

M4$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M

T0W-B4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^



M(')G8B@P+#`L


\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M

M.B`G5&EM97




M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXV-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
F4],T0R/C(P,38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^


M5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXQ


63H@




M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXW-CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C@P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C(P
3D@)B-X
C`Q-#L-B`R,#(S/]F;VYT



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4L
#(V
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXW



T0R/B8C


]



]

]
T1P



M:#H@

M(&%T($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
2!W97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M4#H@
'!X.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!&3TY4.B`Q



M6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M

M
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#4X)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


3`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
3X\8CY096YS:6]N#0H@0F5N969I='
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]
T0Q


T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B



M

63H@

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&(^
C`Q
3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C4N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\

M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C


65M.R!-05)'24XM
M3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q




T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C4N-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






M;G

M4#H@

3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L






`G5&EM97

M;#L@34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


#L@3$545$52+5-004-)3D<Z


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L


3`@
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M86QI9VX]






M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3$\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

F4],T0R/D1I<V-O=6YT(')A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D


@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C4N
#`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$




\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/DXO03PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q




T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M




M.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q






]

T1)1#!%040^#0H@(`@(`\='(^


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1!





M=&@]
T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS
M1#4U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




T0Q/B8C

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CY396-O;F0\8G(@+SX-B!1=6%R=&5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M34E

T0Q/CQB/E1H:7)D/&)R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M

M=&5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


#$S

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C(P+#@T-#PO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT
F4],T0R/D=R;W-S('!R;V9I=`T*(@Q*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M

M8V]L;W(]




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


M/3-$)U1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C`N-#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

F4],T0R/B@P+C<Q/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97



65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PX
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O



M;&4]

M

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
XT.3PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M-BXW

T1T

T0G5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96T[($U!4D=)3BU

@



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PW-3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M




#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T

'!X
M.R!


M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$



M/@T*(%%U87)T97(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
F4],T0R/CQB/EEE87(@96YD960-B!*=6QY)B-X03`[
M
S$L(#(P

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS



T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M.B`G5&EM97

C`W+#8X-3PO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C(R
RPY.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C8Q+#



M.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0R+#(V-#PO9F]N=#X\


RD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


F4],T0R/C4Q+#<Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
F4],T0R/DYE=!I;F-O;64-

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
C`L
3@T

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@S
BPY
S8\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXH
XY,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@


65M.R!-05)'24XM3$5&
M5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PW-3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

F4],T0R/C(Q+#<S,SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M

CY$

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
XY,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97



65M.R!-
M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@




@3F5W(%)O

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M
2PW
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R
F4],T0R/C(Q+#<U,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M5$@Z(#$T-7!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!&3TY4.B!M961I



M3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@

4^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P
M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/D$@8VAA;F=E(&EN('1H92!C;W-T
M(&]F#0H@:6YV96YT;W)I97

@97-T:6UA=&4@9F]R(&5X

@




S$L(#(P
3
@

S`L(#(P
3

MB`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


'!X)R!B;W)D97(]

M/3-$


C`Q





@;V8@)#
W+C8@
M;6EL;&EO;B!R96QA=&5D('1O(&)R86YD#0H@:6YT86YG:6)L97
@86YD(&-U


M;W)M86P[($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ

M.B`G5&EM97




T1T;W`@
M86QI9VX]

M97

@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@

M;&QI;VXL(0Q,2XS(&UI;&QI;VXL(0Q
BXQ#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#$W
M+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!F;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97)S(&5N9&5D($IU;'DF(WA!
#LS
M

S`L(#(P
3(L)B-X03`[2F%N




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W
M9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E




M:78]

]
M

]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]





P


]




RPR.3$L

RPQ
3(L
#`P/'-P86X^

M










2PU
M
C@L

M1&YU;7`^

S+#`P



]









#`L
M


#`L







]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C`P+#`P


]



]

]


]






]


]


]

]


]



]

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]



]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]


]

]
T1P



BXP







]
T1T
M97AT/C





]


]





]


]



]

]


]



]

M9V%N:7IA=&EO;B!A;F0@0F%S:7

:6YE($ET



]
T1R

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]



:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]
M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
M
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q



]
T1T






T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




]

]


]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#



#$S/&)R

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

S$L(#(P


C@L(#(P
3


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#




M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/D]A:W1R964@0V%P:71A
M;!-86YA9V5M96YT+!,+E`N/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]


]
T1N=6UP/C

















PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S



#`L
#`P
M+#`P


]


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C8P
M


]



]

L(&9A













C4L
M
#`P+#`P

]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^17AE



]


]


]


]


]


]













]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]



]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3`P+#`P


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

#`\

M(#0V+#@P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T
M8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N


]






M(%9A;'5E(%M




M:71I97

M;3XH-3@L


@2&5D9VEN9R!);G-T





]
T1R;SX-


]




]

]
M


]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97


]



T1T;W`^1&5S


]





]

]
T1P



]


]



:6YE($ET96US73PO






]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M1&5R:79A=&EV97,@87-S970@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&YE=!N;W0@9&5S

]











]
M


]










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


M='




]
T1T

]

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97

M

30W*3QS


N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$



M;G1S(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G




S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]



T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F









M=')U;65N='

I(%M





]
T1N=6T^*#0I/'-P






]


]


]





I
M(%M


]




]
M







M;3XH

]

]




]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#4W

M



M=F4@26YS=')U;65N='

I(%M






]


]


]



M;G1S+!'86EN(A


]



]




M26YS=')U;65N='

I(%M











]



]


]

C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y
M7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q




]

]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#








]






^


M1$E$




M960@;VX@3&5V96P@
R!);G!U='




S$L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]








]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

M86QI9VX]



]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#
V

]
T1R;SX-






]
T1N=6T^*#
V+#0V











]


]


C!E9C-?
M-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q
M





]

M(%9A;'5E(&]F($]U='-T86YD:6YG($1E8G0@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D*3QB


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q

M96YI;W(@3F]T97

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






2PR-C8\

M(#$P




#
L








]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C@Y+#8V






M(#4Q+#8P




^


M1$E$






SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R

S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]


]


]









]
T1N=6UP/C(N


M

]
M

]
M

]


]
T1R

]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



M1&YU;7`^

]


]


]





]


]



]


]








]

]


]





]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/C








]


]



]

]


]



T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN


]








:6YE($ET96US73PO



]
T1T


M







M
2PR-3


BPP














T1T












]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T



]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5F5S=&EN9R!P97)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1T97AT/C








]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]





]


M(%M



]


T1T;W`^3F]N=F5S=&5D(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G
\

]


]



]

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T

M;7`^-S@U+#`P


]



]



]



T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]



]


]





]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/C
@



]


]



M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5664%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@



M($%W87)D(%M






M






]

]


]



]

]





]


]

]
T1N






]
T1N=6UP/C`N





]




]


]

]
M


]
M

]






:6YE($ET96US



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B9C0O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#

M;X@,S$L(#(P,3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@

]

]
T1T

]
T1T


M






]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#4R
M+#`P


M

X+#`P




]
T1N=6T^*#$R-2PP

BPP




]
T1N=6T^*#(V+#`P



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M-#4R+#`P

]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-#0X+#`P


]


]











]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38N




]





]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@





SQS










7













C


M


C


C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S
M-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q




]


T0Q/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@








Q+#`P

]
M



T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D









]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RXX



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DN







&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E




M(&-O;'-P86X]



M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]


]


]

















]
M
T1N=6T^*#$U


]




]
T1N=6UP/C
X




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
S@N





]





M+C




]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S@N.#


]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M:6-T960@4W1O8VL@56YI='
@*%)357
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L










]



M
C

M;7`^





C8I/'-P86X^





]









M:6YG(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!P97)I;V0L(%=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@


]






T1T;W`^5F5S



]





M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y

O4VAE970U
BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]

M;'-P86X]


M

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N
M(#

M;X@,S$L(#(P,3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M07!R+B`S,P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

2P@
C`Q

CY*=6PN(#

T0R
M/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]

]


]


]


]


]


]



]


T1T;W`^3F5T

30W+#`V

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$U+#4X





S(L.3
V


C`L



L
C



]

]








]




C8L
#@U


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0Q


T1T;W`^


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@


]


]


]


]

38S+#(S

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#@V+#



T1T;W`^















]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#@Q



]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#8Y


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(R+#(S


T1T;W`^0F%S
M:6


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N


2XU

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#(N

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XR



]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N-#DI/'-P86X^

]
T1N=6T^



]








^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5#0T%%

M/3-$




^
3(@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L



M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


M




]





&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS




S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

]


]

]
M


]







]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P



]



T1T;W`^
M5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P
M




]



M







M:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@R+#`S




S(X+#0Y



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T


]



]


]


:6YE($ET96US



]
T1T97AT

]
T1P


]



]






]


]


]









M=6QE(&]F($]T:&5R($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE

M
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M0G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
CDW+#4W-SQS


M9VX]






]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6T^*#
V+#`P

]
T1R

2PU-C`I


]



#(Q/'-P


&5F
M
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E

M;G1E;G0]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#



M

@

]


]














]


]







]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C@L
3`P+#`P

]
T1P


M
2XP


]


M1&YU;7`^)`Q+#4V,PP




S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q
M



]
T1R


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
M

]
M


M9VX]





]
T1N=6T^























]



]


S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q
M



]
T1R




SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^

S$L(#(P



]

]
T1N=6T^



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN=&5R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C



]


]


]


]




M





M;!-86YA9V5M96YT+!
+E`N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




@

]

C8L








]
T1N=6UP




C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P
M8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D
M-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q






]


@16YD960\+W1H

3XQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$

M

3XV

M86X]

]
M

]
T1T


]

T0R/C$R($UO;G1H


]


]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^3V%K=')E92!#87!I=&%L

]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3V%K=')E92!#87!I=&%L($UA;F%G96UE;G0L($PN


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C(L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&]N


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C(L
M(#(P

BP@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
30\

]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
CDL(#(P




]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P

M=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M3F]T97
\8G(^3V%K=')E92!#87!I=&%L($UA;F%G96UE;G0L($PN4X\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(R+`R
#$R/&)R
M/E-E8W5R960@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

M1F%C:6QI='D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@

#$R/&)R/E-E8W5R960@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y/&)R



M1F%C:6QI='D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4F5V;VQV:6YG($-R961I

]
T1T:#Y&


M
C@L(#(P
3`\8G(^5&5R;2!


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`P+#`P

]
T1R93X-




























#`P+#`P


]


]




S`L
#`P+#`P




#`P+#`P


]


































M1&YU;7`^
34T+#`P


]

'0^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N





























]
T1N=6UP/C
U
M+#`P

]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#(P
M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/CDP

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P








]
T1N=6UP/CDP


]

#`L
#`P




























M
C$U+#`P


]









































]



M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N




]








































M;VEN='

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]


]


]


\

]


]











































]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T










































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]




































M
2XP



























































































]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT




^+RH@1&\@


$5!




M=&]R:65S(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@5&AO=7-A;F1S+!U;FQE



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]



]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]

M;7`^
C@L


S



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



C!E
M9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D
M9F4Q





]


M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R







3(Y/'-P



38L


3



]
M







C


M
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q






]




]
M
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PV








C$T


]

BPP





]

M
CDW+#




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C
L




2PY


]

S(L



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R,&5F,U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?
M83,T-U]C,C)B9&9E,3!B9C0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q





M96-I871I;VX@97AP96YS97


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L
S`P+#`P



T1T;W`^26UP

]
M

]





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\







B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

CXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'

M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
M
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#




]


]


]



]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

M97




]


]


]

]



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P+#`P





]


]


]


]


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#$X-2PP






]
M










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y
M.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B9C0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
M





M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$U
BPS






]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B9C0-







]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#




]
T1R;SX-

]

X



]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$V

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#
V





]
T1N=6T^*#8L.3



T1T;W`^





]


]


M

]

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#0Q





]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P








]




]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#0P

]
T1R












3@U+#`P




]

M;7`^
38R+#8P


]

M='

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
!R871E(&]N(&5A<FYI;F=S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

#`L







3`P+#`P




#`L
#`P/'-P

M96YA;'1I97




M969I='


]

M86QI9VX]


]


]

]
M











]
T1T


M


]
T1R93X-







]







#`L

&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS



^


]
T1T
M:#Y*=6PN(#




]



]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`L

]
T1N=6T^
M*#4S


]



M.2PQ

M1&YU;3XH.2PW





]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L


]













]

BPQ


2PY



M86YG97
@:6X@97-T:6UA=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$












]




]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
RPQ
#


M87)T7SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q
&)F-`T*0V]N





]

M



]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
M

]


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
\



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$S
M


M






3




]

]


]

]

3$I/'-P86X^

]

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
#DX/'-P


]


]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@








M86QI9VX]

BPR




]

]
T1N=6UP/C4W
M



]

















M;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y


M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]



]

]
T1T97AT

]

L($YO;BUC=7)R


3(L




]
T1N=6UP/C$R-RPQ
#0\




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L





]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#$R
BPR



RPQ





M

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q

]
M



T1T

]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
T+#DQ


M9VX]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C




2PV.#


M-BPY

M7SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q
&)F-`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

@56YR

]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]


]



T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92P@8F5G:6YN


]




M('1O('!R:6]R('EE87)S+!!9&1I=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



L(%)E9'5C=&EO;G


]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#(Q


]

]

]
T1T97AT/B9N


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M





S0W7V
R
F)D
M9F4Q


]
M






T0S/C$R

]

]

M86X]


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q


3$\8G(^

:71I9V%T:6]N/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



#$S/&)R/E-E
M8W5R:71I97

#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97
@3&ET:6=A=&EO


M8V4\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q


M97)I=F%T:79E($QI=&EG871I;VX\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R
2P@
C`Q

M/E-E8W5R:71I97

]
T1P



















]



M-BPQ
CDL
















]


]


]


]


]


]

















T1T;W`^














3`P+#`P



]


#`L

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Q+#`P


]

3(L
3`P+#`P


]


]
T1T97AT

]

S`L
#`P+#`P


]



T1T;W`^06UO=6YT












]


]


]








RPT
#`L



RPT
#`L

34L-3`P+#`P


]



T1T;W`^1V%I


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C`P+#`P


]

]





]


]


]


]


]


]


















M+#`P

#`L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14]&04



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^




]

]
T1N


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L



#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


]

M

M/3-$=&]P/C(P




C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C
M.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q




]
M


]




L
M




]

RPQ-38\

M/C(P



T1T;W`^5&AE


]







T1T

C!E9C-?
M-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S-#=?8S(R8F1F93$P8F8T#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+SDX.#(P968S7S=D-3)?-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q
M





]


]

M


#$R/&)R
M/E-E9VUE;G0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q





]

]
M



M4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E







T0S


CY*=6PN(#
Q

M86X]

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

2P@
C`Q


CY/8W0N(#

C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


























]


L
S4P





]




]
T1N=6UP/C$W.2PW
M





























\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1F

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]

]
T1T

]
T1T












3

3(X+#$R


]

]



]

]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]









]
T1N=6UP/C4V
BPY















@






@=V%S('1H92!R97-U;'0@;V8@

M87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
@9'5E('1O(&$@8W)E9&ET(&9R;VT@=&AE


@96YD960@2F%N

2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@07!R:6P@
S`L(#(P
3
N/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM

S0W7V
R
F)D
M9F4Q


]
M



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M07!R+B`S

]
T1T
M:#Y*86XN(#



]

P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]


]


]


]


]


]



]



M







M-RPS.3


]













]














]
T1R93X-B`@(`@










]


#
L


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\








M
#
L
3



]
































]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F]N(%)E=&%I;#PO












\

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C@R+#@T
3QS


]



























]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C4Q


]



]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@












M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



T0X/C
@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

^

M
C`Q


M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
M
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S





]


]


]


]


]


]



]










\



]

\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8W-BPX





M(%M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M




]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-









]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#0L-S@R/'-P

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&
Y7V$S






M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#

M/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30V

]




M(%M


#
L
S8T/'-P86X^

3$V+#(W
M

]

]
T1T


M

]
M


M9VX]


P+#8W
M




^+RH@1&\@


$5#





]


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN
M(#

M;'-P86X]
T0R/DIU;X@,S$L(#(P,3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^

]

]


]


]

]


]

]
M

]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C`V




]

]
T1F

]



]
T1N











M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\









]


]


T1T
M;W`^061D:71I;VYS(&-H87)G960@=&\@0V]S='



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5N9!O9B!097)I;V0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3DL



&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1R93X-




]


]

]



]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L




]



T1T;W`^06-T=6%R

@*&=A:6XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@T+#



T1T;W`^0F5N969I='


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N






]

]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#8W
3QS

]
T1T

]






]

]
T1N=6T^


]

]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$T+#0U

]
T1P



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]















]










]


]


]







]







M;7`^








]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y/'-P86X^






]




M-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q





]

T1)1#!%5D9!13X-B`@(`@



S$L(#(P

M/3-$=&]P/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=#PO=&0^#0H@









]

#$I

]

]
T1N=6T^*#4L-#$V

]








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#8I


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#8Q

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#@Y

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$561D%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



M/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]



]



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(L


]
T1T97AT/B9N


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I


]



]
T1N=6T^*#0L-C@V

]


]
T1R;W4^#0H@

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#0L-C@V*3QS



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
1D)'

M/3-$


@+2!!
M9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S

M1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#

M/DYO=BX@
3DL(#(P

















]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP




3

#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

















]


]



]


]



T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T(&%L;&]C871I

]


]


















]






M9FET(%!L86YS+!$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]




]


]








]
T1R;SX-


]
T1R


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PT
#`L


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B
M9&9E


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O






]
T1T:#Y*
M=6PN(#



]


T1T;W`^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A

2PR
#
\

M(#

]

2PR
#



]
T1R

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S0W7V
R
M
F)D9F4Q






]



^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#


]


]


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#`V

]
M
T1N=6T^*#$L
#

]
T1P




]





]
T1N=6UP/C4R


]



]




@8F5N969I=!C;W-T(\@*&EN8V]M92D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]








]
T1N=6UP/C8U/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


M




T1T;W`^3F5T('!E





M-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q





]

T1)1#!%4$9!13X-B`@(`@

M(%5S960@=&\@1&5T97)M:6YE($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@*$1E=&%I

M2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=#PO=&0^






]


]

]
M







M1&YU;7`^-2XU


]





M;G


]



T1T;W`^1&ES

M

]
M

M97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E
3!B9C0-




T0S/C$R($UO

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M







]

]
T1N=6UP/C4N-3`E/'-P


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0N-S`E

M-2XP


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\Y.#@R
&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T
M-U]C
C)B9&9E

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J




T0S/C$R


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]










]
T1N=6UP/C4N
#`E




]
T1T97AT/C(P

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
#(X/'-P


&5F
M
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
C)B9&9E

M;G1E;G0]

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M=&%G92!0;VEN=!#:&%N9V4@:6X@07-S=6UE9!(96%L=&@@0V%R92!#;W-T




]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#
















&5F
U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83
T-U]C
M
C)B9&9E


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS



@;W1H

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@






]










]
T1N=6UP/C





]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]









]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#






]



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]





]
T1N=6UP/C








]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(X

]
M

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]










M=71U86P@1G5N9'

]

]


]


]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@375T=6%L($9U;F1S
M('P@1V]V97)N;65N=!$96)T(%-E8W5R:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]

]
M














]
T1T


M



]


]

979E

]


]



]

M:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



@?!4;W1A;!&86ER







]
T1T


M



]


]

979E
M;`Q('P@1V]V97)N;65N=!$96)T(%-E8W5R:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L



L($QE=F5L(#$@?!#;W)P;W)A=&4@1&5B=!396-U






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^







M-#1C.5]A
S0W7V
R
F)D9F4Q





]

T1)1#!%0TA!13X-B`@(`@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]
T1R



T1T
M;W`^


M/C(P


T1T;W`^
C`Q




]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L


]


]







]

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


#$W/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





T1T;W`^
C`Q.2`M(#(P
C

C!E
M9C-?-V0U
E\T-&

O4VAE
M970Y
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O




]


]

M

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S



]

#$R

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

2P@
C`Q


CY*=6PN(#

T0R/DIU
M;X@,S$L(#(P,3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@

]


]
M

]


]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]


]

]
M

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M




M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]

M-3
L



]





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

2PY


2PS



]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


3DW+#@X


C


]



30T/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C4X
M+#`S

M;7`^-3DL



M
C
P+#

]
T1N=6UP/C$V
BPX.3$\

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@

]
T1F;CX\

38S+#(S

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#@V+#




T1T;W`^0F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W




]
T1N=6T^)`H,XW

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N.3,I/'-P86X^/]S




]





C$L.#$Y/'-P





M









]


]
T1F




]


M*#


M86QI9VX]

]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP


]

SQS

]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(Q+#@Q

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#8Y
CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#(S





@:6X@=V%L


@:6X@=&AE(&9O


#$S+CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$:6YN97)&;V]T;F]T

M('%U87)T97(@;V8@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D
M('-E='1L96UE;G0@8V]S='


M($YO=&5S('1O('1H92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N
M='



M-B!M:6QL:6]N(')E;&%T960@=&\@8G)A;F0@:6YT86YG:6)L97
@86YD(&-U


]

M

M+C
@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#$R+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#$W+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!F
M;W(@=&AE('%U87)T97)S(&5N9&5D($IU;'D@
S$L(#(P

P
M+`R,#$R+!*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9!/8W1O8F5R(#






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$4R3D%%/@T*

M




R!-;VYT:'

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
M

P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R






]
T1N=6UP/CDV+#$P


T1T;W`^









T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES

\+W1D/@T*

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3(L
3`P+#`P

]




M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE

$5



3X\


2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R/E-E
M8W5R:71I97

#$S/&)R/E-E8W5R:71I97
@3&ET:6=A=&EO


M8V4\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q





]


]












]


]

M;G0@=F%L=64@87



]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N=!O9B!L:6%B:6QI='D\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/CDV+#$R.2PP









]


]


]

S`L
#`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]

3(L.3`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]



RPT
#`L

34L-3`P+#`P


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V%I
M;B!O;B!L:71I9V%T:6]N('-E='1L96UE;G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\Y.#@R,&5F,U\W9#4R7S0T8SE?83,T-U]C
M,C)B9&9E,3!B9C0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO.3@X
M
C!E9C-?-V0U
E\T-&

O


M=#TB=7

M:6-R;W-O9G0M8V]M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B/@T*(#QO.DUA:6Y&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B+BXO5V]R:V)O;VLN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,SDN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970U
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT

M1)3:&5E=#4X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U.2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970V,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C,N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@


M968]

T0B4VAE970W-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E

M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970X,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H

M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#DQ+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationLiabilityTransfersOutOfLevel3'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityPurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilitySales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilitySettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisChangeInUnrealizedGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAmortizationOfDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostAndNetLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicPensionCostNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfInterestExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalizedAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfInterestExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfInterestExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfInterestExpensesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_GrowersPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_FinancialInstrumentFairValueAssumptionProbabilityOfSpecialRedemption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_SegmentReportingReconciliationOfOperatingIncomeSegmentToConsolidatedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_SegmentReportingReconciliationOfOperatingIncomeSegmentToConsolidatedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_SegmentReportingReconciliationOfOperatingIncomeSegmentToConsolidatedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_SegmentReportingReconciliationOfOperatingIncomeSegmentToConsolidatedLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillImpairedAccumulatedImpairmentLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ReconciliationOfRevenueFromProductsAndServicesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_MachineryEquipmentAndInternalUseSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOtherAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOtherAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_AssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfOtherIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassTableTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeDerivativeInstrumentLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsAssetAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsLiabilityAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_BalanceSheetItemsTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsExpectedBenefitPaymentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsAllocatedToParticipatingSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_AnnualIncreaseInAggregateNumberOfSharesReservedForFutureIssuanceAsPercentageTotalSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashFlowEffectCashUsedToSettleAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedInPeriodFairValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_EquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_HealthCareCostTrendRatesAssumptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SecuredDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_SeniorLeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_FixedChargeCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_GuaranteedLoanMaturityTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DebtPrepaymentPenaltyRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ConvertibleSeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ConvertiblePreferredStockConversionPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CommonStockDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_NumberOfYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_PrepaymentPremiumInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumNetCapitalRequired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_LondonInterbankOfferedRateInterestRateFloor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualPostretirementBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_CashClawbackPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_NumberOfSharesVestedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualPostretirementBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualPostretirementBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualPostretirementBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualPostretirementBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualPostretirementBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfEffectiveTaxRateReconciliationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncomeTaxReconciliationFinancingCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_IncomeTaxReconciliationValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherReconcilingItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
0) 0.5pt solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; WIDTH: 145px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium/8px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_ScheduleOfPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; FONT: 12px 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetRelatedDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SettlementLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dmnd_AccruedPromotionsCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetRelatedDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'

